                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.




Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

     Annual Report 2025

           March 2026
                                                            2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.




                                 2025 Annual Report

            Section I Important Notes, Contents, and Definitions
    The Board of Directors (the “Board”), the directors and senior management of the Company

confirm the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the contents of this Annual Report and there

are no misrepresentations, misleading statements or material omissions from this Annual Report, and

they accept joint and several responsibilities for the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the

contents herein.

    Mr. Zhang Wenxue, the person in charge of the Company, Mr. Ma Jia, the accounting officer, and

Ms. Xu Jing, the head of accounting center (accounting supervisor), hereby declare that they warrant

the truthfulness, accuracy, and completeness of the financial statements in this Annual Report.

    All directors of the Company attended the Board meeting in respect of considering and approving

this Annual Report.

    The Company kindly requests investors to read through this Annual Report and pay special

attention to “XI. Outlook of the Company” in the “Section III Management Discussion and Analysis.”

This part does not constitute our substantial commitments to investors. Investors are advised to pay

attention to investment risks.

    The cash dividend to be implemented this time will be combined with the special dividend already

distributed in 2025. The total accumulated cash dividends for 2025 represent 90.09% of the net profit

attributable to shareholders of the listed company for 2025, with the total accumulated cash dividends

amounting to RMB 4,642,651,293.01 (tax inclusive). The Company completed the distribution of the

2025 special dividend profits in September 2025, distributing cash of RMB 10.19 per 10 shares (tax

inclusive), with total cash dividends amounting to RMB 1,818,163,592.46 (tax inclusive).

    The Company’s 2025 annual profit distribution plan is as follows: Based on the total share capital

of the Company of 1,784,262,603 shares as at the end of 2025, the Company proposes to distribute cash

dividends of RMB 15.83 per 10 shares (tax inclusive) to all shareholders, with no bonus shares issued

and no capital reserve to increase the share capital.

    This report has been prepared in Chinese and translated into English. Should there be any

discrepancies or misunderstandings between the two versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.

                                                                                                             1
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.




                                                   Contents

Section I Important Notes, Contents, and Definitions ............................................. 1

Section II Company Profile and Key Financial Indicators ..................................... 5

Section III Management Discussion and Analysis.................................................. 10

Section IV Corporate Governance, Environmental, and Social Responsibility .. 66

Section V Significant Events ................................................................................... 108

Section VI Changes in Shareholdings and Particulars about Shareholders ..... 135

Section VII Bonds .................................................................................................... 145

Section VIII Financial Statements ......................................................................... 146




                                                                                                                        2
                                                  2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



                     Documents Available for Inspection

   (I) Financial statements affixed with the signatures and stamps of the person in

charge of the Company, the accounting officer, and the general manager of Financial

Management Department;

   (II) Originals of the audit report containing the stamps of the external accounting

firm and the signatures and stamps of the registered accountants;

   (III) Originals of all the Company’s documents and announcements publicly

disclosed on the Securities Times, Shanghai Securities News, China Securities Journal,

and http://www.cninfo.com.cn during the reporting period;

   (IV) Other related materials.




                                                                                                   3
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



                                               Definitions
                 Term                                                      Definitions

                CSRC                    China Securities Regulatory Commission

                 SZSE                   Shenzhen Stock Exchange

      Hong Kong Stock Exchange          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

                                        State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Yunnan
      SASAC of Yunnan Province          Provincial People’s Government

    The Company or Yunnan Baiyao        Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

              New Huadu                 New Huadu Industrial Group Co., Ltd.


State-owned Equity Management Company   Yunnan State-owned Equity Operation Management Co., Ltd.


             Yunnan Hehe                Yunnan Hehe (Group) Co., Ltd.

           Baiyao Holdings              Yunnan Baiyao Holdings Co., Ltd.

         YNBY International             YNBY International Limited

           Shanghai Pharma              Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding Co., Ltd.

                                        A transaction that Yunan Baiyao merged with Baiyao Holdings by issuing shares
       Merger and overall listing       to all shareholders of Baiyao Holdings, including SASAC of Yunnan Province,
                                        New Huadu and Jiangsu Yuyue Science & Technology Development Co., Ltd.


       Health Products Company          Yunnan Baiyao Group Health Products Co., Ltd.

       TCM Resources Company            Yunnan Baiyao Group TCM Resources Co., Ltd.

           Yunnan Pharma                Yunnan Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.

        Yunhe Pharmaceutical            Yunhe Pharmaceutical (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.

         Zhengwu Technology             Yunbaiyao Zhengwu Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.

              Juyaotang                 Anguo Juyaotang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.

           Reporting period             The period from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025

                                         Expressed in the Chinese currency of Renminbi, expressed in tens of thousands
  RMB, RMB’0,000, RMB’00,000,000         of Renminbi, expressed in hundreds of millions of Renminbi




                                                                                                                         4
                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



             Section II              Company Profile and Key Financial Indicators

  I. Company Profile

Stock Abbreviation                           Yunnan Baiyao                  Stock Code                          000538
Stock Abbreviation before Change
                                                                                     None
(if any)
Stock Exchange                                                              Shenzhen Stock Exchange
Company Name in Chinese                                                     云南白药集团股份有限公司
Company Abbreviation in Chinese                                                    云南白药
Company Name in English (if any)                                    YUNNAN BAIYAO GROUP CO., LTD.
Company Abbreviation in English
                                                                              YUNNAN BAIYAO
(if any)
Legal Representative of the
                                                                                Zhang Wenxue
Company
Registered Address                           No. 3686 Yunnan Baiyao Street, Chenggong District, Kunming City, Yunnan Province
Postal Code of the Registered
                                                                                    650500
Address
                                         No. 51 Xiba Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, National High-tech Industrial Development
Historical Changes in the                Zone, Kunming City, Yunnan Province (registered address of the Group); No. 222 Second Ring
Company’s Registered Address              West Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province (registered address of the parent company of the
                                          Group); No. 3686 Yunnan Baiyao Street, Chenggong District, Kunming City, Yunnan Province
Office Address                               No. 3686 Yunnan Baiyao Street, Chenggong District, Kunming City, Yunnan Province
Postal Code of the Office Address                                                   650500
Company Website                                                        https://www.yunnanbaiyao.com.cn
Email Address                                                                  000538@ynby.cn


  II. Contact Person and Contact Information


                                      Secretary of the Board of Directors                    Representative of Securities Affairs

Name                                            Qian Yinghui                                             Li Mengjue
                              No. 3686 Yunnan Baiyao Street, Chenggong District,         No. 3686 Yunnan Baiyao Street, Chenggong
Contact Address
                                       Kunming City, Yunnan Province                      District, Kunming City, Yunnan Province
Tel                                            0871-66226106                                          0871-66226106

Fax                                            0871-66203531                                          0871-66203531

E-mail                                       000538dm@ynby.cn                                         000538@ynby.cn


  III. Information Disclosure and Location

Website of the stock exchange where the Company
                                                                                     http://www.cninfo.com.cn
discloses its Annual Report
Name and website of the media where the Company
                                                                Securities Times, Shanghai Securities News, China Securities Journal
discloses its Annual Report
Location where the Company prepares and places
                                                                                     Company Archives Room
its Annual Report

                                                                                                                                       5
                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


 IV. Changes in Registration


Unified Social Credit Code                                                     9153000021652214XX

Changes in the principal businesses of the Company
                                                                                           None
since it was listed (if any)
                                                         1997: Yunnan Pharmaceutical Corporation
                                                         1999: Yunnan Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.
                                                         2003: Yunnan Yunyao Co., Ltd.
                                                         2010: Yunnan Baiyao Holdings Co., Ltd (“Baiyao Holdings”)
Changes in the Company’s controlling shareholders
                                                         In 2017, Baiyao Holdings was the controlling shareholder but the
(if any)
                                                         Company had no de facto controller.
                                                         In 2019, after the cancellation of the Company’s shares held by
                                                         Baiyao Holdings, the Company had no controlling shareholders
                                                         and no de facto controller.


 V. Other Information

 The accounting firm engaged by the Company

Name of the accounting firm                                               Pan-China Certified Public Accountants LLP (SGP)
                                                                 No. 128, Xixi Road, Lingyin Subdistrict, Xihu District, Hangzhou City,
Office address of the accounting firm
                                                                                          Zhejiang Province
Name of signing accountants                                                                Huang Yuanxi, Zhao Li
 The sponsor engaged by the Company to perform continuous supervision duties during the reporting period

 □ Applicable         R Not applicable

 The financial advisor engaged by the Company to perform continuous supervision duties during the reporting period

 □ Applicable         R Not applicable


 VI. Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators

 Whether the Company needs retroactive adjustment or restatement of accounting data in prior years or not

 □Yes       R No


                                                                                                  Increase/decrease
                                                  2025                     2024                    compared to the            2023
                                                                                                    previous year

Operating revenue (RMB)                      41,186,999,090.31       40,033,300,814.72                          2.88% 39,111,292,156.00

Net profit attributable to shareholders of    5,153,486,838.91        4,749,415,499.55                          8.51%    4,093,782,074.02
the listed company (RMB)

Net profit attributable to shareholders of
the listed company after deducting non-       4,864,568,403.16        4,523,057,538.23                          7.55%    3,763,605,361.07
recurring profits and losses (RMB)

Net cash flows from operating activities
                                              4,599,693,880.44        4,297,003,142.27                          7.04%    3,502,742,348.02
(RMB)
Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                       2.89                     2.66                        8.65%                2.29
Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)                     2.89                     2.66                        8.65%                2.29
Weighted average ROE                                     13.02%                   11.99%     Up 1.03 percentage points           10.51%

                                                                                                                                      6
                                                                                 2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.




                                                                                             Increase/decrease
                                                End of 2025               End of 2024      compared to the end of       End of 2023
                                                                                             the previous year


Total assets (RMB)                           54,268,581,131.82        52,914,181,333.05                     2.56% 53,784,293,183.93

Net assets attributable to shareholders of   40,044,058,844.44        38,831,946,424.51                     3.12% 39,879,122,031.51
the listed company (RMB)

The lower of the Company’s net profits before and after deducting non-recurring profits and losses in the latest three accounting years
are all negative, and the Company’s audit report for the previous year shows uncertainties in the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern

□Yes                  R No

During the reporting period, the lower of the Company’s audited total profit, net profit, and net profit after deducting non-recurring
gains and losses was negative
□Yes                  R No

Total share capital of the Company as of the trading day prior to the disclosure:

  Total share capital of the Company as of the trading day prior to the
                                                                                                                    1,784,262,603.00
  disclosure (shares)
Fully diluted earnings per share calculated based on the latest share capital:

  Preferred share dividend paid                                                                                                   0.00

  Perpetual bond interest paid (RMB)                                                                                              0.00
  Fully diluted earnings per share calculated based on the latest share
                                                                                                                               2.8883
  capital (RMB/share)

VII. Differences in Accounting Data under Chinese Accounting Standards (CAS) and Overseas
Accounting Standards

1. Differences in the net profits and net assets in financial statements disclosed respectively under
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and CAS

□Applicable           RNot applicable

During the reporting period, there was no difference in net profits and net assets in financial statements disclosed respectively under
IFRS and CAS.

2. Differences in the net profit and net assets in financial statements disclosed respectively under overseas
accounting standards and CAS

□Applicable           RNot applicable

During the reporting period, there was no difference in the net profits and assets in financial statements disclosed respectively under
overseas accounting standards and CAS.




                                                                                                                                      7
                                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


  VIII. Key Financial Indicators by Quarter
                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB

                                                             Q1                         Q2                     Q3                    Q4
 Operating revenue                                       10,841,237,721.29      10,415,865,174.73      9,397,111,312.99      10,532,784,881.30
 Net profit attributable to shareholders of
                                                          1,934,639,584.60       1,698,271,718.52      1,144,208,354.35         376,367,181.44
 the listed company
 Net profit attributable to shareholders of
 the listed company after deducting non-                  1,887,406,845.46       1,573,508,604.02      1,089,023,837.43         314,629,116.25
 recurring profits and losses
 Net cash flows from operating activities                    713,597,559.65      3,247,589,643.12        494,782,308.77         143,724,368.90


  Whether there is any significant difference between any of the above-mentioned financial indicator or their total number and those
  disclosed in the Company’s any quarterly statements or interim statements

  □ Yes                RNo


  IX. Non-recurring Profits and Losses and their Amounts

  RApplicable          □Not applicable

                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB

                           Item                                   Amount in 2025        Amount in 2024           Amount in 2023           Remarks
Profits and losses from disposal of non-current assets
(including the write-offs for the accrued impairment of              7,198,923.23             2,527,905.42           110,477,911.97
assets)
Government subsidies included in the current profits and
losses (excluding the government subsidies closely related
to regular businesses of the Company in line with national          96,333,463.99            84,203,749.10            75,375,220.16
policies and received by a determined standard, with a
continuous impact on the Company’s profits and losses)
Profits and losses from changes in fair value of financial
assets and liabilities held for trading by non-financial
enterprises, and from disposal of such financial assets            189,486,904.27           150,994,732.81           199,779,795.08
and liabilities, except for effective hedging operations
related to regular businesses of the Company
Profits and losses arising from entrusted investment or
                                                                    19,212,454.11             6,589,832.78              3,146,335.87
asset management
Reversal of impairment provision of accounts receivable
                                                                                              1,738,612.00
subject to individual impairment test
Non-operating revenue and expenses other than the above              4,570,455.96            -28,939,412.06            -1,919,286.26
Other profits and losses satisfying the definition of non-
                                                                    17,162,242.56            47,186,324.01            41,588,740.24
recurring profits and losses
Less: Amount affected by the income tax                             44,955,132.44            37,938,914.49            69,955,013.92

     Amount affected by minority interests (after tax)                   90,875.93                4,868.25            28,316,990.19

Total                                                              288,918,435.75           226,357,961.32           330,176,712.95         --

  Other profits and losses satisfying the definition of non-recurring profits and losses:

  RApplicable          □Not applicable

  Other non-recurring profits and losses that meet the definition of non-recurring profits and losses mainly include other non-recurring profits
  and losses such as interest on fixed deposits and value added tax credit.

                                                                                                                                              8
                                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Note for the definition of non-recurring profits and losses set out in the No.1 Explanatory Announcement on Information Disclosure
for Companies Offering Their Securities to the Public - Non-recurring Profits and Losses, as recurring profits and losses

□Applicable            RNot applicable

The Company does not define any non-recurring profits and losses set out in the No.1 Explanatory Announcement on Information

Disclosure for Companies Offering Their Securities to the Public - Non-recurring Profits and Losses as recurring profits and losses.




                                                                                                                                       9
                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.




              Section III                Management Discussion and Analysis

I. Principal business of the Company during the Reporting Period

     (I) Industry landscape and development trends

     1. Growing demand in the healthcare industry

     In recent years, the aging population, evolving health awareness, and changing lifestyles have been the primary

drivers of sustained growth in demand within the healthcare industry. On the one hand, the proportion of the

population aged 60 and above rose from 22% in 2024 to 23% in 2025, representing a slightly higher increase than

in the same period of the previous year (Source: National Bureau of Statistics). As a result, demand among the

elderly for chronic disease management and health maintenance is showing rigid growth. On the other hand,

activities such as running, hiking, and working out have become mainstream lifestyle choices, driving increased

demand for related medical and health products, including those for sports injury recovery, nutritional supplements,

and functional health maintenance. The combination of these factors has created significant market growth

opportunities, providing fertile ground for the pharmaceutical industry, particularly the traditional Chinese medicine

(“TCM”) sector, to leverage its strengths.

     2. Acceleration of policy-driven transformation and upgrading in the TCM industry

     In 2025, driven by government policies, the TCM industry exhibited core development trends toward

innovation, large-scale, and standardization, as the sector continued to deepen its transition toward high-quality

development. The Proposal of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China on Formulating the 15th

Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social Development includes the biopharmaceutical industry among its

12 strategic tasks, establishing a policy support system for the industry’s development across R&D, regulatory

approval, and production. The Opinions on Improving the Quality of TCM and Promoting the High-Quality

Development of the TCM Industry centers on quality improvement and establishes a development framework across

four key dimensions: resource conservation, industrial upgrading, technological innovation, and strengthened

regulation. This framework aims to address the industry’s challenges of being “small, fragmented, and weak” as

well as inconsistent quality. It encourages enterprises to establish traceability systems covering the entire industrial

chain, promotes the digital and intelligent transformation of the TCM industry, supports the redevelopment of major

TCM varieties and the market launch of compound preparations based on ancient classic formulas, strengthens

clinical value assessment, and creates a favorable environment for leading enterprises to integrate resources. The

                                                                                                                      10
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



Implementation Plan for High-Quality Development of the TCM Industry (2026–2030), serving as a roadmap for

the industry over the next five years, proposes the establishment of 60 high-standard production bases for TCM raw

materials, 5 centers for inheritance and innovation, and 20 smart factories, and the cultivation of 10 major Chinese

patent medicines and 10 green factories, thereby directing industry resources toward high-quality production

capacity, innovative products, and green manufacturing. In terms of industrial chain collaboration, leading

enterprises are encouraged to establish a full-chain presence to drive integrated development across upstream and

downstream sectors. Regarding product innovation, efforts will be made to facilitate the transition of hospital-

prepared formulations into innovative drugs, focusing on major chronic and intractable diseases. And in terms of

internationalization, support will be provided for the international registration and market expansion of Chinese

patent medicines to help promote the “global outreach” of TCM. These policies work in concert, ranging from short-

term regulations to long-term planning, to form a comprehensive policy framework that supports the high-quality

development of the TCM industry. At the same time, health insurance policies continue to be refined, significantly

improving access to medications. As centralized procurement policies continue to be implemented on a regular basis,

the 10th round of centralized procurement covers 62 varieties, putting pressure on the prices of some products and

accelerating industry consolidation. Companies with strengths in cost control and quality will gain significant

competitive edge. The implementation of regulatory policies for online pharmaceutical sales has driven the

standardized development of online channels and opened up new opportunities for the retail sale of TCM.

     It should also be noted that the TCM industry as a whole is currently still undergoing a period of adjustment

marked by multiple intertwined pressures. Due to factors such as centralized drug procurement, healthcare cost

containment, frequent fluctuations in the prices of upstream TCM materials, rising production costs, and declining

foot traffic at pharmacies, the industry is facing increasing pressure regarding revenue growth and profit realization,

resulting in a slowdown in overall growth and heightened polarization. According to the 2025 Economic

Performance of the Pharmaceutical Industry report released by the China Pharmaceutical Enterprises Association,

the revenue and profit growth rates of the Chinese patent medicine industry were -6% and -2.9%, respectively, in

2025.

     3. The health products industry facing both challenges and opportunities

     In the consumer goods market, driven by consumption recovery, growing health awareness, and policy support,

the total retail sales of consumer goods exceeded RMB 50 trillion for the first time in 2025, representing a year-on-

year increase of 3.7%. The consumption contributed 52% to economic growth, up 5 percentage points from the

previous year. (Source: 2026 State Council Government Work Report)
                                                                                                                     11
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



     Although the consumer goods sector as a whole continued to grow, the oral health industry experienced a

structural slowdown in growth due to persistently high costs associated with online channels. In 2025, the toothpaste

sector exhibited the following characteristics: First, growth in omnichannel sales slowed down, with online and

offline trends diverging. Online sales accounted for over 45% of total sales (Source: Nielsen IQ), with the market

expanding rapidly; and live-streaming e-commerce and social media-driven growth became key strategies for

emerging brands to gain a foothold in the market. The sales structure of offline channels changed. Traditional

channels such as hypermarkets and convenience stores saw their market share contract, while emerging channels,

including warehouse membership stores, snack specialty chains, and discount stores, defied the downward trend to

become new growth drivers for the offline sector. Second, consumer demand shifted toward more targeted needs,

with a growing emphasis on functional benefits such as skin whitening, gum care, and sensitivity relief. Segments

focused on efficacy, high-end products, and children’s products have become key drivers of growth.

     (II) Industry position

     The Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (“CPC”) and the State Council attach great

importance to the development of TCM. The 2026 Government Work Report of the State Council explicitly states

that we must “advance the inheritance and innovation of TCM and strengthen the integration of Chinese and Western

medical practices.” It places the revitalization and development of TCM at the forefront of the healthcare sector’s

development, aiming to continuously strengthen top-level design, policy support, and resource allocation. This will

accelerate the modernization and industrialization of TCM by preserving its essence and upholding its inheritance

and innovation, enabling it to better integrate into the coordinated governance of medical care, health insurance,

and pharmaceuticals, and better serve the construction of a Healthy China and the health needs of the people.

     Yunnan Baiyao has always been committed to the inheritance and innovation of TCM, continuously exploring

the intrinsic potential of traditional medicinal products, and promoting the integration of TCM into modern life. The

Company continuously injects new vitality into its brand and products, forming a product portfolio with 40

categories and 416 varieties. In the pharmaceutical products domain, Yunnan Baiyao holds 567 drug approval

numbers and 316 product varieties, including 222 types of Chinese patent medicines, 43 of which are exclusive

varieties. The Company started with the century-old Yunnan Baiyao powder as its foundation and has gradually

created a series of core pharmaceutical products in the field of musculoskeletal and minor wound care, covering all

kinds of product forms such as aerosols, plasters, tinctures and woundplast, and has formed a competitive matrix of

branded TCM in the areas of cold and anti-inflammatory, gastrointestinal digestion, cardiovascular medicines, and

gynecological and pediatric medicines. In the field of health products, combining traditional Yunnan Baiyao
                                                                                                                    12
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



products with oral care products, we have successfully created a group of oral care products, with the flagship

product of Yunnan Baiyao Toothpaste, and continued to develop and launch other functional oral care products,

such as those for whitening and sensitivity relief. Based on the pharmaceutical science and technology, and drawing

on the essence of natural plants, we have successfully created the scalp health care brand “Yangyuanqing.”

Leveraging its successful development in pharmaceutical and health product sectors, the Company has expanded

its business footprint into various domains, including natural medicine, TCM decoction pieces, special medicines,

medical devices, personal care products, and healthcare food. This move enables the Company’s evolution from a

TCM manufacturing enterprise to a modern, holistic wellness-oriented entity.

     Yunnan Baiyao’s full-industry-chain strategy, strengths in authentic medicinal herbs, investment in

technological innovation, and established brand reputation are highly aligned with the market trends driven by

current policy guidance in the pharmaceutical and healthcare industry. First, market demand aligns closely with the

Company’s product portfolio: the demand for chronic disease treatment and rehabilitation driven by an aging

population, as well as the rapidly growing demand in the sports and wellness sector, directly correspond to Yunnan

Baiyao’s core pharmaceuticals, branded TCMs, and health-tonic products. Meanwhile, the demand for injury

recovery and functional health supplements spurred by the growth in sports participation is highly compatible with

the Company’s Baiyao aerosols and sports protection product lines. Second, we will advance our full-industry-chain

strategy by expanding upstream into high-quality TCM materials, implementing a “flagship product” strategy in the

midstream to deepen our focus on the pharmaceutical and health products industries, and expanding downstream

into retail pharmacies and online sales channels. This will enable us to build an integrated “raw materials–

production–sales” system and further enhance the core competitiveness of our principal businesses. Third, we will

strengthen scientific and technological innovation, promote the redevelopment of traditional products, and

scientifically formulate short-, medium-, and long-term innovation and R&D plans to ensure the sustainable

commercialization of innovative achievements. At the same time, we will continuously explore innovations in

distribution channels, business models, and application scenarios to better meet the health management needs of

various demographics and expand our market reach.

     In 2025, Yunnan Baiyao maintained its market-leading position across multiple business sectors. The

Company’s flagship product, Yunnan Baiyao Aerosol, ranked first in retail market share among Chinese patent

medicine aerosols for the topical treatment of joint and muscle pain in the musculoskeletal system. Yunnan Baiyao

Woundplast ranked first in retail market share for topical hemostatic products. Yunnan Baiyao (Powder) ranked first

in retail market share the full-body Chinese patent medicine for bone injuries in the musculoskeletal system (Source:
                                                                                                                    13
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



Sinohealth CHIS). In 2025, Yunnan Baiyao Toothpaste continues to maintain the No.1 market share in the Chinese

full-channel market (Source: Nielsen Retail Data). In 2025, Yunnan Baiyao was listed on the Fortune China 500

List published by Fortune China for the 16th consecutive year, ranking 357th; and ranked 33rd in the List of Top 50

Global Pharmaceutical Companies by Pharmaceutical Executive in US.


II. Industry status during the Reporting Period

     (I) Product and business

     The Company has four business groups, namely Pharmaceutical Business Group, Health Products Business

Group, TCM Resources Business Group and Yunnan Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (“Yunnan Pharma”). These business

groups serve as the foundation for the Company’s production and operations.

     Pharmaceutical Business Group, embodying the Company’s strategic positioning as the “leading brand of pain

management in the field of traumatology,” focused on the Yunnan Baiyao product line, which includes hemostatic,

analgesic, anti-inflammatory, and bruise-dissolving products such as Yunnan Baiyao Aerosol, Yunnan Baiyao

Ointment, Yunnan Baiyao Woundplast as its core. At the same time, it prioritized the development of branded TCMs

in areas such as cardiovascular and cerebrovascular, respiratory, digestive, urological, and gynecological systems,

while also building long-term reserves and incubating related pharmaceuticals in the fields of oncology and

autoimmune diseases.

     Health Products Business Group, embodying the Company’s strategic positioning at “the leading tier of high-

quality health lifestyle products,” leveraged the brand infrastructure including people, products, and consumer

scenarios to drive marketing initiatives, with oral health as its core business. Embracing a user-centric approach to

explore new consumption scenarios, the BG not only solidified its market position in oral health but also expanded

into multi-domain solutions such as scalp care and body care, thereby becoming the benchmark of the new concept

of Chinese healthy lifestyle.

     Embodying the Company’s strategic positioning as the “chain leader with high-quality development of Yunan

TCM resources,” TCM Resources Business Group makes full use of the province’s distinctive medicinal plant

resources to ensure a high-quality, efficient, and low-cost supply of TCM raw materials. The BG has also built a

digitalized industrial chain ecosystem for TCM materials with the model of “1+1+N,” which consists of “1 TCM

production, research and marketing integrated digital intelligence platform + 1 new specialized market for TCM




                                                                                                                    14
                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



materials at the origin + multi-dimensional synergies,” so as to support “excellent TCM products” by “excellent

Yunnan TCM resources.”

     Yunnan Pharma, embodying the Company’s the strategic positioning as the “leading enterprise in

pharmaceutical distribution and innovative services,” remained steadfast in pursuit of maintaining its leading market

share among pharmaceutical distribution companies in Yunnan Province. It has achieved full coverage in all 16

prefectures and cities of Yunnan Province, extending its reach to all types of medical facilities from tertiary hospitals

to community and township clinics and all types of retail outlets ranging from retail chains to independent

pharmacies. It also assists governments and medical institutions in building better management and service systems,

providing high-quality and modern pharmaceutical supply chain service solutions for upstream and downstream

customers.

     (II) Business model

     1. Transformation from a Chinese leading TCM enterprise to a “Chinese leading, world-class” modern

pharmaceutical industry group

     As a “chain leader,” the Company is committed to promoting coordinated development across the industrial

chain, refining its focus on core areas, expanding the leadership of advantageous products, and accelerating the

construction of the industrial system. Centered on the principles of “strengthening principal businesses, stabilizing

growth, and ensuring sustainability,” we aim to create a comprehensive industrial chain for Yunnan-branded TCM

materials. We will focus on expanding the long-term potential of pharmaceuticals, health products, TCM resources,

and commercial logistics, thus achieving self-driven leapfrog development. In addition, based on the development

strategy, the Company will scientifically validate and rapidly promote the Group’s internationalization strategy, and

fully leverage the synergistic and promotional effects of “two markets” and “two resources” at home and abroad,

focusing on expanding the reach of TCM products abroad, creating new growth opportunities for health products,

and integrating international resources for the development of innovative medicines, so as to drive our sustained

high-quality development through internationalization, and support the transformation of Yunnan Baiyao from a

Chinese leading TCM enterprise to a “Chinese leading, world-class” modern pharmaceutical industry group.

     2. Transformation of the development model from “endogenous growth” to “intensive and extensive growth”

     The Company adopts a two-pronged growth strategy as the main growth model that combines internal

efficiency improvement (“intensive growth”) with external market expansion (“extensive growth”). “Intensive

growth” focuses on tapping potential and increasing efficiency to stabilize the fundamental base. It concentrates on

the development foundations of the pharmaceutical, health, and distribution industries. Following the approach of
                                                                                                                      15
                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



maximizing overall benefits, it aims for systematic improvement and optimization across the industrial chain, value

chain, and production factors, continuously promoting the high-quality development of the Company’s principal

businesses. “Extensive growth” emphasizes foresight and insight. Based on the overall strategic requirements and

orientation, we actively explore strategic mergers and acquisitions, strategic cooperation and other models to

complement and strengthen the existing industrial segments, and quickly break through the existing growth

bottlenecks. This dual approach enables the Company to build a healthy and sustainable industrial portfolio system,

and achieve high-quality and sustainable development.

     3. Transformation from training internal talents to the model of “training internal talents + introducing external

talents”

     The Company believes in the pivotal role of talent in driving its development. It has established a systematic

and scientific training system that offers diverse career development pathways, fostering both specialized

knowledge and comprehensive skills, with the mutual development of talents and the Company as the objective.

The Company concentrates its superior resources and actively introduces high-level professionals from multiple

fields, including drug R&D, digital construction, and strategic investment. It continues to enhance its business

capabilities in multiple dimensions, such as innovative R&D, lean operations, and investment and mergers &

acquisitions. By nurturing internal talents, actively recruiting external experts, and fully utilizing its organizational

environment for talent development and market resources, the Company strives to build a high-quality talent pool

aligned with its future growth requirements.

     4. Transformation from a traditional manufacturing enterprise to a smart enterprise based on digital operations

     The Company is committed to building a digital driving force and actively seeking transformation to digital

operations with a strong customer-centric approach to enhance customer value and experience. By leveraging

cutting-edge digital technologies such as cloud computing, big data, AI, 5G, and the Internet of Things, the Company

drives innovation and development. The Company also seeks for transformation from a function-oriented process

to a process that connects customer scenarios to drive the Company’s management change and organizational

development. Also, the Company is moving beyond a unified “data base” and governance strategy to build a data-

driven intelligent decision-making system “based on facts.”


III. Analysis on Core Competitiveness

     (I) Full-industry-chain advantage


                                                                                                                      16
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



     In terms of TCM resources, we will fully uphold our responsibilities as a chain leader, based on the strategic

positioning of “the ‘chain leader’ with high-quality development of Yunnan TCM resources.” Relying on the

authentic medicinal resources and location advantages of Yunnan Province, we will leverage Yunnan Baiyao’s

strength and influence in production, technology, channel and brand, as well as the demonstration, leading and

driving role of the leading enterprise in industrial development. We have built a digitalized industrial chain

ecosystem for TCM materials with the model of “1+1+N,” which consists of “1 TCM production, research and

marketing integrated digital intelligence platform + 1 new specialized market for TCM materials at the origin +

multi-dimensional synergies,” to promote the standardization, scaling, branding and digitalization of the TCM

industry and transform resource advantages into industrial competitive advantages and long-term sustainable

development advantages, so as to support “excellent TCM products” by “excellent Yunnan TCM resources.”

     Driven by its long-term and continuous investment in key strategic varieties of TCM materials, the Company

has achieved a complete and closed-loop industrial chain from seed selection and cultivation to production and

processing. This has established a robust supply system for strategic medicinal materials, effectively ensuring the

quality stability of TCM raw materials and controlling the price fluctuations of strategic TCM raw materials. This

system has laid the groundwork for the long-term and sustainable development of Yunnan Baiyao.

     (II) Continuous innovation capability

     Yunnan Baiyao consistently meets the rapidly evolving and upgrading consumer demand through continuous

innovation, and is committed to integrating TCM into modern life. We have evolved from a single hemostatic

product to a vast Yunnan Baiyao industrial group, covering various sectors of the health industry, and created classic

examples of innovation and the integration of TCM products into daily life, such as “Yunnan Baiyao Woundplast”

and “Yunnan Baiyao Toothpaste.”

     Looking ahead, the Company is dedicated to integrating cross-regional resources to build a modern R&D

system, driving the inheritance and innovation of TCM alongside advancements in biopharmaceutical technology,

and leveraging digital and intelligent transformation to continuously enhance our innovation efficiency. Currently,

the Group’s Central Research Institute has established 5 major R&D centers and more than 10 national and

provincial-level research platforms, building a cross-regional R&D capability that spans TCM and ethnic medicine,

innovative radiopharmaceuticals, biopharmaceuticals, transdermal formulations, medical devices, and skin care.

Through collaboration with numerous leading domestic research institutions and universities, the Company has

integrated industry-academia-research resources and attracted top-tier R&D talents. Leveraging a dual-track

mechanism of “external recruitment and internal development,” we have established a high-caliber talent team led
                                                                                                                     17
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



by members of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, recipients of the National “Ten Thousand Talents Program”

and recipients of the National Science Fund for Distinguished Young Scholars, with over 60% of the team holding

master’s or doctoral degrees. Leveraging the strengths of its R&D system, which focuses on “building platforms,

establishing mechanisms, and attracting talent,” the Company adheres to a market-driven approach to R&D and

innovation. We deeply explore the clinical value of existing products and are fully committed to promoting the

synergistic development of the industrial and innovation chains, thereby achieving the effective commercialization

of research outcomes, cross-disciplinary integration, and innovative breakthroughs. In addition, the Company has

identified “AI+Medicine” as the core focus of its strategic transformation, deeply integrating technologies such as

artificial intelligence, big data, and cloud computing to empower drug discovery and clinical research, thereby

continuously improving R&D efficiency.

     (III) Channel advantages

     In terms of pharmaceuticals, the Company has built a marketing network covering medical institutions and

retail pharmacies across various provinces, regions, counties, and towns in China, and simultaneously expanded its

presence in the online market. We have developed the “Yunding Jingwei” ecosystem cooperation model,

establishing a streamlined, flat-structured, data- and intelligence-driven direct-supply model from primary

distributors. This enables point-to-point delivery of products from manufacturers to pharmacies, facilitates a more

effective “brand + channel + service” integrated ecosystem management model, and continuously strengthens

traceability management and sales performance monitoring, thereby setting a new industry benchmark for channel

management in the pharmaceutical sector. In the advantageous over-the-counter (“OTC”) channels, we have

nationwide coverage, serving 5,000 top-tier chains and reaching over 400,000 retail stores. In terms of healthcare

facilities, our network covers more than 12,000 hospitals nationwide (including primary care facilities). In the online

marketplace, we have precisely targeted the “immediacy” trend in O2O channels, establishing a comprehensive

“on-site + off-site” collaborative matrix, and engaging in extensive partnerships with major e-commerce platforms

to effectively reach modern consumers through customized digital marketing.

     Regarding health products, Yunnan Baiyao has established a comprehensive nationwide sales team dedicated

to holistic wellness products, covering all terminals. Yunnan Baiyao Toothpaste continues to maintain a leading

market share in China with a high brand penetration in the oral product category. Through ongoing optimization of

its full chain channels, the Company has not only strengthened its position in traditional offline channels but also

experienced significant growth in emerging business models such as on-demand retail, community group purchases,

and interest-based e-commerce. This demonstrates the Company’s willingness to experiment and adapt, taking
                                                                                                                     18
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



measured steps forward and learning from any mistakes along the way, all of which enhance its ability to quickly

respond to evolving business trends. Such channel advantages have driven significantly enhancement to Yunnan

Baiyao’s market competitiveness, laying the foundation for the Company to continuously commercialize new

products.

     (IV) Talent team strengths

     The Company continues to strengthen the development of a specialized workforce aligned with the Group’s

strategic development, while collaboratively advancing the development of talent pipelines across all fields. First,

we have established a long-term mechanism for talent development, opening up career pathways across

management, technical, and professional tracks, and implement targeted recruitment based on specific needs,

promoting the recruitment of highly skilled, highly technical, and high-level talent in core professional fields

essential for our development. Second, to advance the development of our talent pool in the new era, we have

established a career grading system and training mechanisms, and implemented a lifelong vocational skills training

system, leveraging the “mentorship and guidance” provided by professionals in various fields to build a high-quality,

specialized workforce. Third, we keep refining our incentive mechanisms, using a variety of approaches to stimulate

the creativity of all types of talent. We have further aligned our compensation system with areas such as industrial

transformation and upgrading, technological innovation, reform and development, value creation, new product

development, and the development of flagship products, prioritizing those working in frontline positions that are

arduous, dirty, dangerous, or physically demanding. This ensures employees genuinely feel the benefits of the

Company’s growth, helps to maximize the enthusiasm and creativity of cadres and employees, promote the

Company towards high-quality development, and lay a strong foundation for achieving win-win cooperation among

all stakeholders.

     (V) Brand strength

     Yunnan Baiyao is a well-established Chinese heritage brand with a history of over 124 years. Centered around

the Yunnan Baiyao brand, the Company has expanded from a pharmaceutical brand into a multi-brand ecosystem

covering personal healthcare products, crude drugs, and holistic wellness products. We have built a diverse portfolio

of brands and continuously expanded our reach to target audiences, enhancing our brand value over the long term.

The Company has been consistently listed in the brand value rankings of internationally authoritative organizations.

During the reporting period, it ranked 33rd in the List of Top 50 Global Pharmaceutical Companies by

Pharmaceutical Executive in US again, and was included in the List of China’s Best Brands published by Interbrand,

and the Kantar BrandZ Top 100 Most Valuable Chinese Brands list.
                                                                                                                    19
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


IV. Analysis on Principal Businesses

1. Overview


     (I) Overview of business data

     In 2025, the Company remained firmly committed to its strategic plan, continued to refine its principal

businesses, and leveraged its ever-improving operational management capabilities to navigate external market

uncertainties. As a result, its operating performance grew against the trend, achieving the established goals of

“growth, efficiency enhancement, and value creation.”

     During the reporting period, the Company achieved an operating revenue of RMB 41.187 billion, a 2.88%

increase compared to the same period last year; net profit attributable to the parent company was RMB 5.153 billion,

an 8.51% year-on-year increase from RMB 4.749 billion; and net profit attributable to the parent company after

deducting non-recurring profits and losses was RMB 4.865 billion, a 7.55% increase compared to RMB 4.523 billion

last year, setting a new historical high. Basic earnings per share were RMB 2.89, an increase of 8.65% year-on-year.

The Company’s business structure continued to optimize. The industrial revenue amounted to RMB 16.016 billion,

accounting for 38.89% of the total operating revenue, up 2.75 percentage points year-on-year, with the growth rate

of industrial revenue reaching 10.7%. Since 2023, the proportion of industrial revenue to total operating revenue

has achieved consecutive growth.

     In terms of growth quality, the Company’s net operating cash flow for the reporting period was RMB 4.60

billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.04%; the weighted average return on equity was 13.02%, up 1.03

percentage points year-on-year, marking the highest level in the past five years; and administrative expenses

decreased by 1.68%. The Company invested RMB 423 million in R&D, representing a significant year-on-year

increase of 21.51%. R&D expenditure accounted for 2.64% of industrial revenue, and the Company’s R&D

capabilities continued to improve.

     The Company continued to maintain a healthy asset structure. At the end of the reporting period, the Company

had total assets of RMB 54.269 billion, net assets attributable to the shareholders of the listed company amounted

to RMB 40.044 billion, the asset-liability ratio was 26.02%, and the cash and bank balance stood at RMB 9.108

billion.

     While pursuing high-quality development, we promoted the co-creation and sharing of value between the

Company and its employees, and established an employee-centered incentive system that aligns with business

growth. In terms of compensation distribution, we prioritized core technical and key positions, frontline and

                                                                                                                    20
                                                                                 2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



challenging roles, as well as high-level and highly skilled talent in critical and in-demand fields, thereby further

raising employee compensations and fully stimulating organizational vitality. During the reporting period, the

overall compensation for the Company’s entry-level employees increased by double digits year-on-year.

               Changes in proportion of industrial sales revenue and ROE over the past three years
    50.00%
                                                                                                     38.89%
    40.00%          35.13%                                36.14%

    30.00%

    20.00%                                                                                                     13.02%
                              10.51%                                       11.99%
    10.00%

     0.00%
                          2023                                       2024                                  2025
                                                Proportion of industrial sales
                                               工业销售收入占比
                                               revenue                           ROE


     (II) Review of the main work and prospects

     1. Party building as the driving force behind high-quality development

     Under the leadership of the Yunnan Provincial Party Committee of CPC and Provincial Government, as well

as the Party Committee of the Provincial State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the

Company has earnestly studied and implemented the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party

of China and its subsequent plenary sessions, as well as the spirit of the 11th Provincial Party Congress of Yunnan.

We have proactively embraced Yunnan’s “3815” strategic development goals, striving to transform our political and

organizational strengths into competitive advantages that drive the Company’s high-quality development. We have

persistently worked to strengthen grassroots Party organizations and promoted the deep integration of Party building

with production and operations. During the reporting period, the Communist Party of China Committee (“Party

Committee”) of Yunnan Baiyao Group elected a new leadership team for both the Party Committee and the

Discipline Inspection Commission. Party-building efforts continued to deepen and gain momentum, further

strengthening confidence in driving high-quality development.

     2. Efficient and coordinated governance system

     During the reporting period, the Company incorporated Party building into its Articles of Association, ensuring

that the Party’s leadership is effectively integrated throughout the entire corporate governance process. The Board

of Directors successfully completed its leadership transition on schedule. With members possessing diverse

professional backgrounds and strong complementary skills, the quality of decision-making and the operational

efficiency of the specialized committees have been further enhanced, providing robust support for the

                                                                                                                                 21
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



implementation of the Company’s strategy. We refined the decision-making mechanism for “major decisions, key

personnel appointments/dismissals, major project arrangements, and large-sum fund utilization,” clarified the

boundaries of authority and responsibility among various governance bodies, and further improved corporate

governance mechanisms. This will enable the Party Committee to “set the direction, oversee the overall situation,

and ensure implementation,” the Board of Directors to “formulate strategies, make decisions, and mitigate risks”

and the executive management to “plan operations, ensure implementation, and strengthen management,” thereby

fostering a clearer and more efficient collaborative relationship among the three.

     3. Effective implementation of strategic plans

     During the reporting period, the Company transitioned from the “strategic design phase” to the “strategic

execution and capability realization phase.” In terms of endogenous growth, the Company focused on managing the

entire industrial chain, value chain, and all production factors, while continuously advancing specialized programs

to reduce costs and improve efficiency, thereby steadily enhancing the effectiveness of its management system.

Through a series of initiatives including strategic procurement, ensuring a stable supply of TCM materials,

warehousing and logistics, lean manufacturing, and production-sales coordination, the Company achieved sustained

cost reductions and efficiency gains throughout the year, with labor productivity per employee significantly

exceeding the industry average. External mergers and acquisitions have also opened up new opportunities. The

Company’s acquisition of Anguo Juyaotang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (“Juyaotang”) has boosted synergies and

efficiency across the TCM materials supply chain, driving resource integration within the province and expanding

its national footprint. This has laid a solid foundation for the expansion of its sliced herbal medicine and granulated

herbal formula businesses. The Company is now executing its extensive growth strategy, anchoring on deeper

industrial synergy and targeted capability enhancement.

     4. Significant progress achieved in focusing on principal businesses, with business structure continuing

to improve

     (1) Pharmaceutical Business Group

     During the reporting period, the Pharmaceutical Business Group achieved an operating revenue of RMB 8.318

billion, representing a year-on-year growth of 12.53%. There were 10 products with sales exceeding RMB 100

million, including 2 products with sales exceeding RMB 1 billion. Total sales revenue for the core product line

exceeded RMB 5.5 billion, representing an increase of more than 18% compared to the same period last year. In

particular, sales revenue for Yunnan Baiyao Aerosol exceeded RMB 2.5 billion, representing a growth of over 22%;

sales revenue for Yunnan Baiyao Plaster exceeded RMB 1.2 billion, representing a growth of over 26%; and Yunnan
                                                                                                                     22
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



Baiyao Capsule, Yunnan Baiyao (Powder), and Yunnan Baiyao Woundplast all achieved significant growth in sales

revenue compared to the previous year. Sales revenue for Qixuekang Oral Liquid, a plant-based tonic product,

continued to grow rapidly, increasing by approximately 68% year-on-year. Other TCM products from various brands

posted impressive growth, with products such as Ginseng and Tuckahoe Spleen and Stomach Strengthening Granule,

Pudilan Anti-inflammatory Tablets, and Xuesaitong Capsule generating over RMB 100 million in sales revenue.

Among these, sales revenue for Ginseng and Tuckahoe Spleen and Stomach Strengthening Granule rose by more

than 53% year-on-year.

     In 2025, guided by its strategies, the Pharmaceutical Business Group leveraged its brand strengths and clinical

research capabilities, with a focus on developing flagship products as a key breakthrough. By fully tapping into

channel potential, the BG maintained substantial growth for its core product series in the orthopedic pain

management sector even from a high baseline while continuously expanding its product pipelines in high-potential

segments such as cardiovascular, respiratory, gastrointestinal, and urological diseases. Additionally, it continued to

build a pipeline of second-tier flagship products. First, guided by clinical value and driven by clinical research, the

Company accelerated the redevelopment and post-marketing re-evaluation of key products. Evidence-based

research on key products such as Yunnan Baiyao Capsule, Yunnan Baiyao Aerosol, Yunnan Baiyao Ointment,

Qixuekang Oral Liquid, Gongxuening Capsule, and Tong Shu Capsule progressed steadily, opening up broader

application scenarios for these products and driving significant growth in the Company’s core pharmaceutical

portfolio. Second, we developed the “Yunding Jingwei” ecosystem cooperation model, establishing a streamlined,

flat-structured, data- and intelligence-driven direct-supply model from primary distributors. This enables point-to-

point delivery of products from manufacturers to pharmacies, facilitates a more effective “brand + channel + service”

integrated ecosystem management model, continuously strengthens traceability management and sales performance

monitoring, and advances the “flagship product” strategy, thereby setting a new industry benchmark for channel

management in the pharmaceutical sector. Third, we actively expanded our online market presence, precisely

targeting the “immediacy” trend in O2O channels, and building a comprehensive “on-platform + off-platform”

collaborative matrix to strengthen Yunnan Baiyao’s brand recognition and market competitiveness in immediate

health consumption scenarios. During the 2025 “618” shopping festival, Yunnan Baiyao’s line of over-the-counter

medicines saw a significant rise in rankings. During the reporting period, the brand’s GMV on pharmaceutical e-

commerce platforms reached RMB 500 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 139%. Fourth, with the

implementation of a large-scale, systematic “mass campaign” strategy, the Pharmaceutical Business Group pooled

its personnel and resources to launch province-wide promotional campaigns under a unified policy, with a total of
                                                                                                                     23
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



27 chain stores participating, which directly drove sales growth. Fifth, we implemented a scenario-based, specialized,

and youth-oriented content marketing system. Focusing on scenarios such as “orthopedic pain,” “sports partners,”

“nourishing the spleen during the long summer,” “Qi, blood, voice, life, and vitality” and “essential household

medicines,” we leveraged various platforms to conduct omnichannel integrated marketing that deeply integrates

brand building, effectiveness, and sales, thereby effectively driving sales growth.

     Looking ahead, the Pharmaceutical Business Group will follow the “1+4+N” industrial portfolio and

development strategy. Focusing on the “1” core area, pain management, we will continuously strengthen our leading

position in the hospital market through professional management of our product pipeline, drive steady growth in

the non-hospital market through specialized brand management, and identify high-potential, high-quality, and high-

value pain management products to expand and refine our product portfolio. Focusing on “4” key areas:

cardiovascular, respiratory, digestive, and urological systems, we will target promising products, leverage our

strengths in the industrial chain and distribution channels, and consolidate and cultivate flagship TCM products. We

will also continue to incubate and monitor multiple (“N”) promising sectors, including oncology, autoimmune

diseases, and gynecology. In terms of development path, we will leverage the “Yunding Jingwei” model to further

deepen our “flagship product” strategy, driving growth across multiple channels, including clinical, OTC, and O2O,

and promoting sustainable business development through a dual-engine approach of endogenous and extensive

growth.

     (2) Health Products Business Group

     During the reporting period, the Health Products Business Group generated revenue of RMB 6.745 billion. In

the oral care sector, Yunnan Baiyao toothpaste maintained its position as the top-ranked brand in terms of omni-

channel market share in China in 2025 (Source: Nielsen Retail Data). At the same time, the Company actively

expanded into new areas of oral care and made rapid progress. In the hair loss prevention and care sector, backed

by a special cosmetic license for hair growth products and a national invention patent for hair loss prevention and

hair growth, Yangyuanqing hair care products generated sales revenue of RMB 460 million, representing a year-on-

year increase of nearly 10%. During the 2025 “618” shopping festival, Yangyuanqing retained its position as the

top domestic anti-hair loss shampoo brand on Tmall (Source: shangzhizhen.com). While maintaining its competitive

edge in offline channels, the Company has expanded its reach across all channels including traditional e-commerce,

on-demand retail, and content-driven e-commerce. Through scenario-based marketing, educational content

promoting product benefits, and integrated short-video and live-streaming campaigns, the Company drove a

significant 27% year-on-year increase in online sales for its health products segment.
                                                                                                                    24
                                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



     In 2025, the Health Products Business Group consolidated its foothold in the offline market while

simultaneously advancing the expansion of online channels and the promotion of new products, achieving

significant progress. In terms of category development, we focused on deepening our presence in functional

segments in the oral care sector; maintained a stable foundation in the gum care segment, as a core functional

category, while achieving rapid growth in segments such as sensitivity relief and whitening. Niche functional

segments, such as children’s oral care, have seen steady growth, and Yangyuanqing has achieved sustained growth

driven by digital retail. The Company continued to strengthen its brand-building efforts and enhance its brand

influence through marketing campaigns at key milestones. In terms of R&D, the Company actively explored

collaborative R&D and innovation models with academic institutions. We partnered with Peking University School

of Stomatology to establish the “Peking University Stomatology–Yunnan Baiyao Joint Laboratory for Oral Health.”

Through this platform, both parties are focusing on common oral health issues affecting the public, such as

periodontal disease, tooth sensitivity, and dental caries. By integrating cutting-edge research capabilities with

strengths in industrial application, we are committed to bridging the “last mile” between scientific discovery and

addressing public health challenges, thereby enhancing the technological sophistication and professional efficacy

of domestic oral care products. In 2025, Yunnan Baiyao’s Smart Factory was successfully selected for the “Global

Manufacturing Lighthouse Factories” list, becoming the first such facility in Yunnan Province and the first in the

global TCM health products sector. This achievement signifies international recognition of the Company’s digital

and intelligent manufacturing capabilities, laying the foundation for the transformation and upgrading of the TCM

health products manufacturing industry and for domestic brands to compete on the global stage.

     Looking ahead, the Health Products Business Group will continue to expand its existing customer base and

strengthen its product categories to establish a sustainable growth model. To expand the existing customer base, we

will fully tap into the potential of our current products and users, using scenario-based operations and product

reinvention to boost repeat purchases and customer loyalty. To develop new product categories, we will focus on

anti-allergy, skin-brightening, children’s, and hair and body care products to build a technology-driven second

growth curve. The Health Products Business Group will focus on its core development priorities, continuously refine

its development strategies, fully tap into the potential of its products and markets, foster sustainable growth

momentum, and drive high-quality development across the category.

     (3) TCM Resources Business Group

     During the reporting period, the TCM Resources Business Group achieved export revenue of RMB 1.750

billion. The TCM Resources Business Group earnestly fulfilled its responsibilities as the “chain leader.” It
                                                                                                                   25
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



comprehensively implemented the “Six Unifications” operational model—unified planting planning, unified seed

source R&D and supply, unified cultivation standards, unified origin processing, unified procurement and sales, and

unified management—to build a TCM material industry cluster and drive coordinated development across the entire

supply chain. We have established the Yunyao Enterprise Alliance and the “Digital Intelligence of Yunnan TCM”

Platform Testing Alliance, successfully exploring and forming a distinctive Yunnan-style “one product, one chain”

development path for the TCM material industry. The TCM Resources Business Group has stabilized its core

revenue streams and, through the integrated “Large-Scale Procurement” management platform, has significantly

reduced procurement and production costs.

     In 2025, the business units within the TCM Resources Business Group worked in concert to achieve significant

results. First, developing the seed industry from a high starting point: We implemented a targeted R&D and

commercialization model of “1 variety + 1 expert team + 3–5 cooperative bases,” appointed the first batch of 15

experts in seed sources for the “Top Ten Yunnan TCMs” and designated 14 seed source bases, achieving full

coverage of the Top Ten Yunnan TCMs and expanding the area under high-quality varieties to over 11,000 mu. We

launched the “Yunyao Seed Valley” strategy to establish a modern seed industry system including germplasm

evaluation, elite variety selection, standardized propagation, and quality traceability. Second, promoting high-

standard crop cultivation: We drove the transition of cultivation management from “experience-based judgment” to

“data-driven decision-making,” with the newly added area under GAP-certified cultivation exceeding 14,600 mu.

This measure serves as a model to drive the overall upgrading of the provincial TCM material cultivation sector,

thereby reinforcing the quality and stable supply of “Yunnan’s premium TCM materials.” Third, advancing high-

level processing: We continued to advance the “One Product, One Chain” model, establishing seven standardized

origin warehouses in major medicinal material production areas to achieve significant improvements in product

standardization and quality consistency. We leveraged the integration of data from the “Digital Intelligence of

Yunnan TCM” platform and the warehouse management system to enhance inventory turnover and order fulfillment

speed and reduced overall operating costs through energy-efficient equipment, control of processing losses, and the

development of a collaborative processing network. Fourth, developing high-end markets: We established the

Digital Intelligence of Yunnan TCM, a “1+1+N” one-stop platform for direct sourcing of TCM materials from their

places of origin, achieving both “optimal sourcing costs” and “consistent high quality.” We also created the nation’s

first tax-exempt compliance system for agricultural product procurement specifically tailored to the TCM materials

industry, offering the “Yunnan Solution” for standardizing tax practices within the sector. The platform’s total

transaction volume for the year exceeded RMB 2.1 billion, benefiting more than 410,000 farming households and
                                                                                                                    26
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



attracting over 23,000 farmers to register online. Fifth, building the brand from a strategic perspective: We

established the “Rapid Testing Stations” and built the “Yunjian Bencao” brand; developed 26 corporate standards,

two of which were ranked first on the provincial “Leaders” list; led the revision of pharmacopoeia standards; set up

two provincial-level key laboratories; and increased shipment volumes by 31% year-on-year despite market

challenges, while continuing to build a quality assurance system and enhance brand credibility. In addition, we have

made significant strides in cross-border business, pioneering an innovative “initial processing overseas + further

processing domestically” model, which has led to a comprehensive enhancement of our brand influence. Sixth,

making steady progress in other business areas: The natural plant extracts business accelerated its transformation;

projects such as flavor and fragrance ingredients and co-branded products achieved breakthroughs; the market

competitiveness of our core product, andrographolide, significantly improved; and sales of our flavor and fragrance

product series increased by 234% year-on-year. In terms of pharmaceutical services, we operate Yunnan’s largest

decoction center, serving more than 20 medical institutions during the reporting period and preparing over 9 million

bags of decoctions. In terms of internal order fulfillment, by optimizing production lines to boost efficiency, annual

production of Qixuekang reached 260 million units, effectively meeting market demand.

     Looking to the future, the TCM Resources Business Group will continue to undertake the strategic positioning

and responsibility of Yunnan Baiyao Group as the “chain leader” for the high-quality development of the TCM

industry in Yunnan Province, and tap into the province’s inherent advantages in TCM resources. In terms of branded

herbal medicines, we will leverage Yunnan TCM resources to strengthen the foundation of the Yunnan TCM supply

chain. Regarding Digital Intelligence of Yunnan TCM, we will create new business models and build new service

platforms. In the natural plant extracts sector, we will adjust our business operations to fully empower our products

through a combination of technology and branding. In terms of pharmaceutical services, we will deepen our

engagement with the provincial healthcare system, establishing a three-tier service model that integrates “products,

medical institutions, and services” and building the Yunnan Baiyao TCM Clinic brand. Through the coordinated

advancement of these businesses, we will help transform Yunnan’s natural endowment of TCM materials into a

competitive industrial advantage, thereby achieving the strategic goal of supporting “excellent TCM products” by

“excellent Yunnan TCM resources,” contributing to the industry’s in-depth development.

     (4) Yunnan Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.

     During the reporting period, Yunnan Pharma realized revenue of RMB 23.804 billion. In terms of products,

non-pharmaceutical businesses such as medical devices, cosmeceuticals, and specialized medical foods have begun

to yield results, with sales growing 11.7% year-on-year. Under the hospital-adjacent store model, specialized
                                                                                                                     27
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



pharmacies actively capturing prescription outflow from hospitals have seen significant growth in new specialty

drug business, with sales increasing 38.5% year-on-year.

     In 2025, Yunnan Pharma fully demonstrated the leading role of Party building. It adhered to a development

strategy that balances “risk management” with “growth promotion,” consolidating its existing market share and

expanding innovative business lines in its operations, while implementing measures to reduce costs and improve

efficiency in its management. First, our principal businesses maintained a solid foundation, and our efforts to drive

growth yielded results. Yunnan Pharma continued to strengthen its two principal businesses, hospital pharmaceutical

distribution and commercial distribution, while focusing on developing growth areas such as medical device

distribution and specialty pharmacies. Sales on the “Yun Zhaoyao” platform have seen significant year-on-year

growth. Second, we continued to optimize the closed-loop management system for controlled substances, thereby

enhancing both supply chain resilience and operational efficiency. Third, digital transformation was accelerated.

Using pharmaceutical traceability codes and the Unique Device Identification (UDI) system as data links, we

established a traceability system characterized by “end-to-end coverage, multi-stakeholder collaboration, and

intelligent monitoring and control.” This empowered downstream medical institutions and enhanced the quality and

efficiency of supply chain management. Fourth, risk management capabilities improved significantly. Through a

comprehensive approach that includes strict credit controls, data-driven and intelligent monitoring, and

collaborative debt collection, we achieved sound management of accounts receivable.

     Looking ahead, Yunnan Pharma will adhere to the overall strategy of “consolidating and improving existing

operations while innovating to drive new growth.” Leveraging our accumulated strengths in digital and intelligent

operations and AI tools, we will consolidate our pharmaceutical sales and chain distribution businesses in the tiered

healthcare market. Building on our SPD projects, we will expand our medical device distribution operations and

stimulate the growth of our subsidiaries in primary care settings and third-party retail outlets. We aim to achieve

steady revenue growth, improve the composition of accounts receivable, and enhance profitability through lean

management across the entire value chain.

     (5) Central Research Institute

     The Company focuses on TCM and innovative drugs. On the one hand, we uphold inheritance and innovation,

and develop the TCM business. We solidified the development of germplasm resources by establishing a seed

industry company. Through a combined model of independent and collaborative R&D, we aim to quickly build a

“breeding, propagation, and promotion integration” system for seed source development, focusing on breeding

research for local medicinal materials such as Panax notoginseng and Paris polyphylla. We strengthened the
                                                                                                                    28
                                                                         2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



innovation of TCM and conducted research on ethnic medicine, achieving significant progress in TCM R&D. On

the other hand, we strive to make differentiated deployment in innovative drugs. Based on the criteria of technology

frontier, clinical demand and resource endowment, we seize the initiative to integrate into the national and local

biomedical strategies, and deploy and develop innovative drugs with more competitiveness and market prospects.

During the reporting period, upholding the innovation-driven strategy, the Company has promoted the

transformation of results, continuously improved the development momentum, and promoted scientific planning of

short-, medium- and long-term projects in an orderly manner.

     For short-term projects, we will dedicate our efforts to the innovative redevelopment of marketed varieties

and the development of drugs and medical devices. Eighteen major TCM varieties involving redevelopment

are currently under research, and 37 projects are in progress. The progress of several key projects during the

reporting period is as follows:
   Project                     Therapeutic
              Project Name                                                  Progress Overview
    Cycle                         Area
                                               The evidence-based medical research project on the use of Yunnan Baiyao
                                               Aerosol for the treatment of pain associated with closed rib fractures has had
                                               its pilot study and received the statistical analysis report completed; an expert
                              Orthopedics
                                               workshop on the formal trial protocol has been held; and the selection of a
                                               contract research organization (CRO) and the confirmation of the list of sub-
                                               centers have been finalized.
                                               The multi-center clinical trial on Yunnan Baiyao Capsules for treating limb
             Redevelopment    Orthopedics
                                               swelling in patients with ankle fractures has had 36 subjects enrolled.
             Project    for
             Baiyao Series                     The Yunnan Baiyao Ointment project, or specifically the new rubber patch
             Products                          project, has had the validation of the finished product quality analysis methods,
                                               pre-validation of the manufacturing process, and safety evaluations regarding
                                               skin irritation and allergic reactions completed. The evidence-based medical
                              Orthopedics,
                                               research project on the treatment of joint pain caused by rheumatoid arthritis
                              Rheumatology
                                               has had the selection of a contract research organization (CRO), the
                                               preparation of investigational drugs, and the blinding process completed, and
                                               has obtained more than 10 ethics approvals from the lead hospital and sub-
                                               centers.
   Short-
    term                                       A clinical research paper titled Effectiveness and Safety of Qixuekang Oral
                                               Liquid on Vascular Health has been published in the Journal of Translational
                                               Internal Medicine.
             Qixuekang
                              Cardiovascular
             project                           The redevelopment and research project for Qixuekang Oral Liquid under the
                                               major TCM varieties has been successfully approved as a major provincial
                                               science and technology program by the Yunnan Provincial Department of
                                               Science and Technology.
                                               A paper on post-abortion bleeding has been published in a core journal; a
                                               clinical trial summary report on the treatment of abnormal uterine bleeding has
             Redevelopment
                                               been completed; a clinical trial summary report on reducing vaginal bleeding
             project     of   Gynecology
                                               after medical abortion has been completed; a pharmacoeconomic study on
             Gongxuening
                                               post-abortion bleeding has been completed; and a network pharmacology trial
                                               has been completed.
             Post-marketing
             Evaluation of
                              Urology          The clinical trial summary report has been received.
             Shulie’an
             Capsules




                                                                                                                               29
                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



     For medium-term projects, we have made every effort to promote the development of innovative TCMs

and continued to build star products of Yunnan Baiyao transdermal preparations. The progress of several key

projects during the reporting period is as follows:

   Project                            Therapeutic
               Project Name                                                          Progress Overview
    Cycle                                Area
              Pan-Panax                                 Data collection for 704 cases in the Phase II clinical trial has been
              notoginseng            Cardiovascular     completed, generating a summary report. Pharmaceutical-related research
              Tablet project                            has been completed, with the production process finalized.
              Fuqi Guben
                                                        Phase III clinical trials have been initiated at 17 research centers, with 486
              Ointment               Urology
                                                        participants enrolled.
              project
                                                        Production validation for Qingxin Lotus Seed Granules has been
              Ancient
                                     Urology,           completed; pre-NDA communication materials have been submitted and
              classical famous
                                     respirology,       feedback received, and the NDA dossier is currently being drafted; process
              prescription
                                     gastroenterology   research for commercial-scale production of Ophiopogon Decoction
   Medium-    project
                                                        Granules is currently underway.
    term
                                                        The process validation for the Flurbiprofen Cataplasms project has been
                                                        completed, and PK-BE studies are currently underway.
                                                        The Loxoprofen Sodium Cataplasms project has obtained approval for
                                                        clinical trials, and process validation is currently underway.
              Plaster project        Orthopedics        The Yunnan Baiyao Gel Plaster project has had the preparation of pilot-
                                                        scale samples and the quality evaluation of small-scale samples with
                                                        different formulations completed.
                                                        The Yunnan Baiyao Hot Melt Adhesive Plaster project has had small-scale
                                                        studies completed.

     For the long-term projects, especially the innovative drug projects, we will center on

radiopharmaceuticals development, aligning social needs with technological advancement to advance a

pipeline of innovative drugs that will fuel the Company’s sustainable growth. The progress of several key

projects during the reporting period is as follows:

Project
                Project Name                                                     Progress Overview
 Cycle
          INR101 diagnostic
                                          Phase III clinical trials have been initiated at 29 of the 32 designated research centers, with 239
          radiopharmaceuticals
                                          subjects enrolled.
          project
          INR102 therapy                  Three subjects in the low-dose group and one subject in the medium-dose group have been
Long-     radiopharmaceutical             enrolled and dosed in the Phase I/IIa clinical trial, and two subjects have completed screening
term      project                         for INR101.
          INB301 monoclonal               Preclinical studies in pharmacology, toxicology, and pharmacokinetics have been completed,
          antibody project for the        the Investigational New Drug (IND) application has now been officially accepted by the Center
          treatment of cancer             for Drug Evaluation (CDE) of the National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) and has
          cachexia                        been included in the fast-track review and approval process for innovative drugs.

     In 2026, the Company will focus on establishing a collaborative, open, and efficient innovation system,

and promote the formation of a dual-helix synergistic mechanism between the industrial chain and the

innovation chain. First, we will strengthen the development of innovation platforms, enhance our capacity for

scientific and technological innovation, and focus on achieving breakthroughs in core technologies related to

the strategic industrial layout. Second, we will enhance our capacity for innovative development, establish a

                                                                                                                                         30
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



  proactive business portfolio management system, and promote effective synergy between our principal

  businesses and emerging growth businesses. Third, we will accelerate the development of new-quality

  productive forces, actively coordinate the planning of key industries and infrastructure projects, fully leverage

  the benchmarking advantages of our “Lighthouse Factories,” and promote the expansion and enhancement of

  digital and intelligent manufacturing. Fourth, we will strategically target high-potential sectors and accelerate

  the development of new sectors, new pathways, and new business models that align with our operational and

  developmental needs. Fifth, we will actively foster a positive environment that encourages innovation, firmly

  establish the mindset of “revitalizing the enterprise through technology, and strengthening the enterprise

  through talent,” and effectively build a team of scientific and technological innovation talent, so that a culture

  of “wanting to innovate, daring to innovate, and being able to innovate” becomes the norm within the enterprise.


  2. Revenue and cost

  (1) Operating revenue structure

                                                                                                             Unit: RMB

                                      2025                                     2024
                                                                                                            Year-on-year
                                               Proportion in                            Proportion in     increase/decrease
                          Amount                                    Amount
                                             operating revenue                        operating revenue
Total operating
                       41,186,999,090.31                 100%    40,033,300,814.72               100%                2.88%
revenue

By industries
Industry sales
                       16,016,322,668.77               38.89%    14,468,250,214.38              36.14%              10.70%
income
Commercial sales
                       25,083,383,908.90               60.90%    25,472,886,013.94              63.63%              -1.53%
income
Technical services         23,610,417.29                 0.06%       26,297,797.46               0.07%             -10.22%

Hospitality industry       12,992,942.53                 0.03%       14,108,732.07               0.04%              -7.91%
Income from
                              14,368.26                  0.00%        2,393,337.40               0.01%             -99.40%
plantation sales
Income from other
                           50,674,784.56                 0.12%       49,364,719.47               0.12%               2.65%
businesses
By products
Industrial products
                       16,016,322,668.77               38.89%    14,468,250,214.38              36.14%              10.70%
(Self-made)
Wholesale and retail   25,083,383,908.90               60.90%    25,472,886,013.94              63.63%              -1.53%
Agricultural
                              14,368.26                  0.00%        2,393,337.40               0.01%             -99.40%
products
Other services             36,603,359.82                 0.09%       40,406,529.53               0.10%              -9.41%


                                                                                                                      31
                                                                                         2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



  Others                           50,674,784.56                      0.12%              49,364,719.47                0.12%                2.65%

  By region

  Domestic                     41,077,877,616.54                     99.74%           39,674,627,530.94              99.10%                3.54%

  Overseas                        109,121,473.77                      0.26%             358,673,283.78                0.90%              -69.58%

  By sales model

  Industrial model             16,016,322,668.77                     38.89%           14,468,250,214.38              36.14%              10.70%

  Commercial model             25,083,383,908.90                     60.90%           25,472,886,013.94              63.63%               -1.53%

  Others                           87,292,512.64                      0.21%              92,164,586.40                0.23%               -5.29%


     (2) The industries, products, or regions that account for more than 10% of the Company’s operating revenue or operating
     profit


     RApplicable          □Not applicable
                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB
                                                                                        Increase/Decrease
                                                                                                             Increase/Decrease    Increase/Decrease
                                                                                           in operating
                                                                                                              in operating cost   in gross margin as
                                                                          Gross             revenue as
                         Operating revenue          Operating cost                                            as compared with    compared with the
                                                                          margin        compared with the
                                                                                                             the same period of   same period of the
                                                                                        same period of the
                                                                                                              the previous year      previous year
                                                                                          previous year
By industries
Industry sales
                         16,016,322,668.77          5,574,744,305.51      65.19%                  10.70%               13.09%                -0.74%
income
Commercial sales
                         25,083,383,908.90         23,406,298,006.60          6.69%               -1.53%               -2.03%                0.48%
income
By products
Industrial products
                         16,016,322,668.77          5,574,744,305.51      65.19%                  10.70%               13.09%                -0.74%
(Self-made)
Wholesale and retail     25,083,383,908.90         23,406,298,006.60          6.69%               -1.53%               -2.03%                0.48%

By region

Domestic                 41,077,877,616.54         28,937,520,351.50      29.55%                   3.54%                1.42%                1.47%

By sales model

Industrial model         16,016,322,668.77          5,574,744,305.51      65.19%                  10.70%               13.09%                -0.74%

Commercial model         25,083,383,908.90         23,406,298,006.60          6.69%               -1.53%               -2.03%                0.48%

     When the statistical caliber of the Company’s principal business data is adjusted in the reporting period, the Company’s principal
     business data should be subject to the one after the statistical caliber at the end of the reporting period is adjusted in the latest year
     □Applicable RNot applicable

     (3) Whether the Company’s revenue from in-kind sales is greater than its revenue from labor services

     RYes □No
                                                                                                                                Year-on-year
        Industry Classification             Item               Unit                    2025                   2024
                                                                                                                              increase/decrease
                                                                                                                                            32
                                                                                         2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


           Industry sales income        Sales                   RMB                16,016,322,668.77    14,468,250,214.38               10.70%

           Commercial sales income      Sales                   RMB                25,083,383,908.90    25,472,886,013.94                -1.53%


         (4) Fulfillment of significant sales contracts and significant purchase contracts entered into by the Company as of the reporting
         period

         □Applicable RNot applicable

         (5) Operating cost structure

         Industry Classification

                                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB

                                                           2025                                        2024
  Industry                                                                                                                            Year-on-year
                         Item                                     Percentage in                               Percentage in
Classification                                  Amount                                       Amount                                 increase/decrease
                                                                  operating cost                              operating cost

Industry sales     Direct materials        4,736,697,896.70                 16.31%       4,173,980,104.81             14.46%                   13.48%

Industry sales     Direct salary            265,396,298.02                  0.91%          202,255,370.65              0.70%                   31.22%
                   Other direct
Industry sales                                     74,896.36                0.00%               35,793.11              0.00%                 109.25%
                   expenses
                   Manufacturing
Industry sales                              572,575,214.43                  1.97%          553,067,302.27              1.92%                      3.53%
                   costs
Commercial
                   Purchase cost          23,406,298,006.60                 80.62%      23,891,275,361.45             82.77%                      -2.03%
sales
Technical          Technology
                                                22,293,927.42               0.08%           20,496,861.16              0.07%                      8.77%
services           development
Planting           Planting cost                   16,817.30                0.00%            1,150,809.47              0.00%                  -98.54%

Others             Others                       29,570,138.99               0.10%           22,504,602.18              0.08%                   31.40%

         Explanations: None.

         (6) Whether there was any change in the scope of consolidation during the reporting period

         RYes □No
         For details, please refer to “IX. Changes in the Consolidation Scope” under Section X.

         (7) Significant change or adjustment of the business, product or service of the Company during the reporting period

         □Applicable RNot applicable

         (8) Major customers and major suppliers

         Major customers

            Total sales amount of top 5 customers (RMB)                                                                        8,518,935,149.94
            Percentage of total sales amount of top 5 customers in annual
                                                                                                                                       20.68%
            total sales amount
            Among the sales amount of top 5 customers, percentage of the
                                                                                                                                         0.00%
            sales to the related parties in the annual sales amount
         Information of top 5 customers


                                                                                                                                            33
                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                           Percentage in annual total
           No.                           Customer name                      Sales amount (RMB)
                                                                                                                 sales amount

             1                            Customer A                                3,723,323,240.67                             9.04%

             2                            Customer B                                1,727,751,080.65                             4.19%

             3                            Customer C                                1,414,814,072.72                             3.44%

             4                            Customer D                                    954,326,542.07                           2.32%

             5                            Customer E                                    698,720,213.83                           1.70%

           Total                              —                                     8,518,935,149.94                            20.68%

  Other information of the major customers
  □Applicable RNot applicable
  Major suppliers

     Total purchase amount of top 5 Suppliers (RMB)                                                                   2,124,275,850.16
     Percentage of total purchase amount of top 5 Suppliers in annual
                                                                                                                                 7.20%
     total purchase amount
     Among the purchase amount of top 5 suppliers, percentage of
     the purchase from the related parties in the annual purchase                                                                2.28%
     amount


  Information of top 5 suppliers
                                                                                                           Percentage in annual total
           No.                           Supplier name                    Purchase amount (RMB)
                                                                                                               purchase amount
             1                             Supplier A                                   673,226,493.06                           2.28%

             2                             Supplier B                                   447,351,330.25                           1.52%

             3                             Supplier C                                   359,249,313.75                           1.22%

             4                             Supplier D                                   322,607,069.59                           1.09%

             5                             Supplier E                                   321,841,643.51                           1.09%

           Total                              —                                     2,124,275,850.16                             7.20%

  Other information of major suppliers
  □Applicable RNot applicable
  Top five suppliers with whom the trade business accounted for more than 10% of total revenue
  □Applicable RNot applicable


  3. Expenses

                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB
                                                                      Year-on-year
                             2025                   2024                                       Explanations on significant changes
                                                                    increase/decrease
                                                                                          Primarily due to an increase in online sales
Sales expenses        5,619,465,376.89        4,879,502,036.91          15.16%            expenses and a rise in the proportion of
                                                                                          revenue generated online.
                                                                                          During this period, the Company continued
Administrative                                                                            to implement cost-cutting and efficiency-
                      1,020,080,152.22        1,037,553,483.87          -1.68%
expenses                                                                                  enhancing measures, resulting in a decrease
                                                                                          in administrative expenses.
                                                                                                                                     34
                                                          2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                  Primarily due to a decrease in interest income
Financial
               -46,890,322.70   -155,555,109.85   69.86%          for the current period compared to the same
expenses
                                                                  period last year.
                                                                  R&D investment increased during this
R&D expenses   350,545,386.25   337,413,301.03    3.89%
                                                                  period.




                                                                                                             35
                                                                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


         4. R&D investment

         RApplicable          □Not applicable

                                                                                                                                                                                       Expected impact on the future
R&D project name              Objective of the project                                     Project progress                                      Goals to be achieved
                                                                                                                                                                                       development of the Company
                                                                  Currently, 18 major TCM varieties are undergoing redevelopment.
                                                                  Key projects include: Qixuekang: A clinical research paper titled
                                                                                                                                         Taking the three projects as
                       To conduct in-depth research on            Effectiveness and Safety of Qixuekang Oral Liquid on Vascular
                                                                                                                                         examples: We plan to investigate
                       existing major products in areas such      Health, which examines the effects of Qixuekang Oral Liquid on
                                                                                                                                         the therapeutic effects of Qixuekang     To expand or refine the clinical
                       as pharmacology, preclinical studies,      improving heart and vascular health, has been published in the
                                                                                                                                         Oral Liquid in cardiovascular            applications of a product within a
                       clinical trials, and economics to refine   Journal of Translational Internal Medicine; Gongxuening
                                                                                                                                         diseases; further elucidate the safety   specific disease area, provide guidance
Redevelopment          the evaluation systems for efficacy        Redevelopment Project: A paper on post-abortion bleeding has
                                                                                                                                         and efficacy of Gongxuening              on clinical use, identify growth
Projects for Major     and safety, expand and clarify product     been published in a core journal; a clinical trial summary report on
                                                                                                                                         Capsule for gynecological                opportunities, and facilitate the
TCM Varieties          indications and target patient             the treatment of abnormal uterine bleeding has been completed; a
                                                                                                                                         hemostasis and extensively collect       inclusion of the product in clinical
                       populations, guide clinical prescribing    clinical trial summary report on reducing vaginal bleeding after
                                                                                                                                         clinical evidence; and investigate       guidelines, treatment pathways, and
                       practices, and introduce new               medical abortion has been completed; a pharmacoeconomic study
                                                                                                                                         the safety and efficacy of Shulie’an     consensus documents.
                       technologies to improve existing           on post-abortion bleeding has been completed; and a network
                                                                                                                                         Capsules in the treatment of
                       products.                                  pharmacology trial has been completed; Shulie’an: The clinical
                                                                                                                                         prostate conditions.
                                                                  trial summary report for the Prostatitis Treatment with Shulie’an
                                                                  Capsules has been received.
                                                                                                                                                                                  This project is the first innovative
                                                                                                                                                                                  diagnostic radiopharmaceutical product
                                                                                                                                                                                  of the Company. This project will add a
                                                                                                                                                                                  brand-new, innovative
                       To develop innovative                                                                                             To receive marketing approval from
                                                                  Phase III clinical trials have been initiated at 29 of the 32                                                   radiopharmaceutical product to the
INR101 Project         radiopharmaceuticals for the                                                                                      the National Medical Products
                                                                  designated research centers, with 239 subjects enrolled.                                                        Company’s portfolio, open up new
                       diagnosis of prostate cancer.                                                                                     Administration.
                                                                                                                                                                                  markets, drive the growth of the
                                                                                                                                                                                  Company’s innovative drug segment,
                                                                                                                                                                                  and strengthen the Company’s strategic
                                                                                                                                                                                  footprint in cutting-edge technologies.




                                                                                                                                                                                                              36
                                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                                                                    Expected impact on the future
R&D project name              Objective of the project                                   Project progress                                     Goals to be achieved
                                                                                                                                                                                    development of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                               This project is the first innovative
                                                                                                                                                                               radiopharmaceutical product of the
                                                                                                                                                                               Company, with the indication of
                                                                                                                                                                               prostate cancer. This project will add a
                                                               Three subjects in the low-dose group and one subject in the
                       To develop innovative                                                                                           To receive marketing approval from      brand-new, innovative
                                                               medium-dose group have been enrolled and dosed in the Phase
INR102 Project         radiopharmaceuticals for the                                                                                    the National Medical Products           radiopharmaceutical product to the
                                                               I/IIa clinical trial, and two subjects have completed screening for
                       treatment of prostate cancer.                                                                                   Administration.                         Company’s portfolio, open up new
                                                               INR101.
                                                                                                                                                                               markets, drive the growth of the
                                                                                                                                                                               Company’s innovative drug segment,
                                                                                                                                                                               and strengthen the Company’s strategic
                                                                                                                                                                               footprint in cutting-edge technologies.
                                                                                                                                                                               This project is the first innovative
                                                                                                                                                                               biologic drug of the Company, with the
                                                                                                                                                                               indication of cancer cachexia. Through
                                                               Preclinical studies in pharmacology, toxicology, and
INB301                                                                                                                                                                         this project, the Company has
                                                               pharmacokinetics have been completed, the Investigational New
Monoclonal             To develop monoclonal antibody                                                                                  To receive marketing approval from      established a biopharmaceutical R&D
                                                               Drug (IND) application has now been officially accepted by the
Antibody Project       products for the treatment of cancer                                                                            the National Medical Products           team and accumulated extensive
                                                               Center for Drug Evaluation (CDE) of the National Medical
for the Treatment of   cachexia                                                                                                        Administration.                         technical and project experience, which
                                                               Products Administration (NMPA) and has been included in the
Cancer Cachexia                                                                                                                                                                will help the Company explore new
                                                               fast-track review and approval process for innovative drugs.
                                                                                                                                                                               growth opportunities in the field of
                                                                                                                                                                               innovative drugs and enhance its
                                                                                                                                                                               market competitiveness.
                       To explore and validate the clinical                                                                                                                    This project is the first new TCM of the
                       research methodology and marketing                                                                                                                      evidence-based class approved for
                                                                                                                                       To complete Phase III clinical study
                       registration pathway for the                                                                                                                            clinical use in China, and this R&D
                                                                                                                                       on Fuqi Guben Ointment, clarify its
                       development of a new TCM for                                                                                                                            project is a strong proof of the
                                                                                                                                       clinical therapeutic characteristics,
                       warming the kidneys and                                                                                                                                 Company’s ability to develop and
                                                                                                                                       diagnostic criteria for treatment of
Fuqi Guben             consolidating the fundamentals,         Phase III clinical trials have been initiated at 17 research centers,                                           industrialize innovative drugs of the
                                                                                                                                       disease, effective dosage for
Ointment               which is designed to treat the          with 486 participants enrolled.                                                                                 TCM of evidence-based class. In the
                                                                                                                                       treatment, drug administration
                       symptoms of frequent nocturnal                                                                                                                          future, it is expected to add a new TCM
                                                                                                                                       program and course of treatment,
                       urination in middle-aged and elderly                                                                                                                    drug of evidence-based class in line
                                                                                                                                       and register and market it as new
                       people due to kidney Yang deficiency,                                                                                                                   with the overall healing characteristics
                                                                                                                                       TCM of Category 1.1.
                       and improve the quality of life of                                                                                                                      of TCM, and enrich the Company’s
                       middle-aged and elderly people.                                                                                                                         TCM innovative drug product matrix.


                                                                                                                                                                                                           37
                                                                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                                                                     Expected impact on the future
R&D project name               Objective of the project                                      Project progress                                     Goals to be achieved
                                                                                                                                                                                     development of the Company
                        To tap into the characteristics of                                                                                                                      This product is the first innovative drug
                        Panax notoginseng in disease                                                                                       To comprehensively utilize the       R&D project for cardiovascular
                        prevention and treatment, and                                                                                      resources of the whole Panax         diseases under the Company’s “holistic
                        develop Category 1 innovative TCM                                                                                  notoginseng plant and further        wellness” strategy, which is conducive
                                                                   Data collection for 704 cases in the Phase II clinical trial has been
Panax notoginseng       for the prevention and treatment of                                                                                explore the synergistic mechanism    to the treatment of symptoms related to
                                                                   completed, generating a summary report. Pharmaceutical-related
Tablets (PSQ            chest tightness, heart pain, palpitation                                                                           of saponins, flavonoids,             cardiovascular stasis. In the future, it is
                                                                   research has been completed, with the production process
project)                and dizziness in middle-aged and                                                                                   polysaccharides and other            expected to add a new TCM drug of
                                                                   finalized.
                        elderly people due to the evidence of                                                                              components, and market the           evidence class in line with the overall
                        stasis in the heart veins, and reducing                                                                            product as innovative TCM of         healing characteristics of TCM, and
                        the incidence of cardiovascular                                                                                    Category 1.1.                        enrich the Company’s TCM innovative
                        events.                                                                                                                                                 drug product matrix.
                                                                   The process validation for the Flurbiprofen Cataplasms project
                                                                                                                                                                                To expand the clinical choice of plaster
                        To expand the clinical choice of plaster   has been completed, and PK-BE studies are currently underway;
                                                                                                                                                                                products, maintain Yunnan Baiyao’s
                        products. It is planned to develop 2       the Loxoprofen Sodium Cataplasms project has obtained
                                                                                                                                                                                industry advantage in the field of
                        new improved TCM (Yunnan Baiyao            approval for clinical trials, and process validation is currently
Development of                                                                                                                             To obtain the drug registration      topical preparations through
                        Gel Plaster and Yunnan Baiyao Hot          underway; the Yunnan Baiyao Gel Plaster project has had the
four plasters                                                                                                                              certificate.                         formulation deployment, new product
                        Melt Adhesive Plaster) and 2 generic       preparation of pilot-scale samples and the exploration of in vitro
                                                                                                                                                                                selection and dosage form
                        plasters (Flurbiprofen Cataplasms,         release behavior and preliminary evaluation of stability
                                                                                                                                                                                improvement, and help the Company
                        Loxoprofen Sodium Cataplasms).             completed; and the Yunnan Baiyao Hot Melt Adhesive Plaster
                                                                                                                                                                                explore new growth drivers.
                                                                   project has had small-scale studies completed.
                                                                                                                                                                                This will practice the Company’s
                                                                                                                                                                                strategy of deep cultivation in the field
                                                                                                                                                                                of TCM, contribute to maintaining
                                                                                                                                                                                integrity and promoting innovation in
                        To develop and market two classic
Development of two                                                 Production validation for Qingxin Lotus Seed Granules has been                                               the field of TCM, enrich the Company’s
                        famous prescriptions (PZ-018 and
Chinese medicinal                                                  completed; pre-NDA communication materials have been                                                         TCM product echelon, and help the
                        PZ-019) with clinical value and                                                                                    To be marketed according to the
preparations with                                                  submitted and feedback received, and the NDA dossier is                                                      Company explore new growth drivers,
                        market prospect through regulated                                                                                  registration approval requirements
classic prescriptions                                              currently being drafted; and process research for commercial-                                                and enhance market competitiveness. In
                        and standardized research, with the                                                                                for new TCMs of Category 3.1.
(PZ-018 and PZ-                                                    scale production of Ophiopogon Decoction Granules is currently                                               addition, it will accumulate technology
                        help of modern science and
019)                                                               underway.                                                                                                    and project management experience for
                        technology.
                                                                                                                                                                                the development of new TCMs for the
                                                                                                                                                                                Company, and continuously improve
                                                                                                                                                                                the core competitiveness of TCM in
                                                                                                                                                                                Yunnan Province.


                                                                                                                                                                                                              38
                                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                                                                   Expected impact on the future
R&D project name               Objective of the project                                    Project progress                                   Goals to be achieved
                                                                                                                                                                                   development of the Company
                                                                                                                                       To conduct in-depth analyses of the
                        To conduct systematic basic and
                                                                                                                                       anti-aging mechanisms of Panax         By conducting in-depth, systematic
                        applied research on plants such as
                                                                                                                                       notoginseng and the genomics and       research on distinctive plants such as
                        Panax notoginseng and Paris
                                                                                                                                       immune regulatory mechanisms of        Panax notoginseng and Paris
                        polyphylla; conduct in-depth analyses
                                                                                                                                       Paris polyphylla, submit multiple      polyphylla, the Company will establish
                        of various natural plants with anti-      Three SCI papers have been submitted, including one conference
                                                                                                                                       SCI papers, and secure a series of     a core knowledge barrier and a patent
                        aging properties, identify their active   paper that has been accepted.
                                                                                                                                       patents. In terms of product           moat in the field of natural bioactive
Development of          ingredients, clarify their mechanisms     The drafting of four patent applications has been completed,
                                                                                                                                       development, we will drive the         compounds, thereby significantly
Caizhiji’s botanical    of action and safety profiles, and        which have passed the preliminary examination.
                                                                                                                                       formulation development, stability     enhancing its technological
active ingredients      optimize their processing steps to        The development of three anti-aging products has been
                                                                                                                                       testing, and successful market         competitiveness. The successful
and their application   ensure the effective application of       completed: Bitter Notoginseng Toner, Triple Extract Formula,
                                                                                                                                       registration of at least three anti-   translation of these achievements into
in skincare products    these natural ingredients in the          and Luxury Nourishing Mask.
                                                                                                                                       aging skincare products containing     cosmetic ingredients and end products
                        cosmetics industry; decipher the          The development of four products related to Paris Fargesii has
                                                                                                                                       Panax notoginseng. We will             has laid a solid technological and brand
                        “genetic-physiological” code of Paris     been completed.
                                                                                                                                       complete the commercial                foundation for the Company to expand
                        Fargesii, explore new mechanisms of
                                                                                                                                       registration of Paris polyphylla       its footprint in the health and wellness
                        action for Paris Fargesii, and develop
                                                                                                                                       extract as a cosmetic ingredient and   industry and achieve sustainable
                        skincare products containing Paris
                                                                                                                                       the market registration of related     development.
                        Fargesii.
                                                                                                                                       products.
                                                                                                                                                                              We can expand the Company’s product
                                                                                                                                                                              portfolio by introducing new anti-aging
                                                                                                                                                                              and skin barrier repair products
Research on the         To develop a world-class AI-driven
                                                                                                                                       To establish the first AI-driven       featuring Panax notoginseng and Paris
Anti-Aging              drug screening system; identify two
                                                                                                                                       smart drug prediction system that      polyphylla as key active ingredients,
Components and          major active compounds each from          The “Yunbai Zhiyao-X” system has been successfully
                                                                                                                                       does not require target information;   thereby further enriching the
Mechanisms of           Panax notoginseng and Paris               established. The anti-aging active components of Panax
                                                                                                                                       complete research reports on the       Company’s skincare and health
Panax notoginseng       polyphylla, and conduct preliminary       notoginseng and their anti-aging effects have been identified, and
                                                                                                                                       anti-aging properties of the active    supplement offerings. In addition, a
and Paris               studies on their mechanisms of action     the relevant anti-aging mechanisms have been preliminarily
                                                                                                                                       ingredients in Panax notoginseng       drug R&D platform powered by
polyphylla, and the     to explore their anti-aging potential,    elucidated. The anti-aging effects of the active components in
                                                                                                                                       and Paris polyphylla, publish high-    artificial intelligence will significantly
Development of the      thereby supporting drug development       Paris polyphylla have been preliminarily identified.
                                                                                                                                       impact academic papers, and file       reduce R&D costs, improve R&D
“Yunbai Zhiyao X”       and the formulation of skincare
                                                                                                                                       relevant patents.                      efficiency, and shorten time-to-market,
System                  ingredients.
                                                                                                                                                                              providing robust technical support for
                                                                                                                                                                              the Company’s future drug research and
                                                                                                                                                                              innovation.



                                                                                                                                                                                                           39
                                                                                                                                               2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                                                            Expected impact on the future
R&D project name             Objective of the project                                 Project progress                                  Goals to be achieved
                                                                                                                                                                            development of the Company
                                                                                                                                 To complete the registration of a     In line with the Company’s strategic
                                                                                                                                 nutritional formula for special       objectives, this project is an effective
                      To develop 1 medical nutritional
                                                                                                                                 medical purposes and obtain the       complement to the echelon of Holistic
Nutritional Formula   support supplement for people with      The Company has passed the on-site inspection conducted by the
                                                                                                                                 production permit. To construct a     wellness products. It can greatly enrich
for Special Medical   limited eating, digestive and           State Administration for Market Regulation, and the registration
                                                                                                                                 knowledge and technology system       the Company’s product groups, and
Purposes              absorption disorders, and metabolic     certificate is now in the review and approval stage.
                                                                                                                                 and industrial platform for R&D       help the Company explore new growth
                      disorders (over 10 years of age).
                                                                                                                                 and registration of special medical   drivers and enhance market
                                                                                                                                 food.                                 competitiveness.
                                                                                                                                                                       1. This will practice the Company’s
                                                                                                                                                                       strategy of focusing on the field of
                                                                                                                                                                       TCM, promote inheritance and
                                                                                                                                                                       innovation in the field of TCM
                                                                                                                                                                       development, and further stabilize and
                                                                                                                                                                       enhance our competitiveness in the
                      To carry out product power
Productivity                                                                                                                     To complete the declaration of        target product market. 2. It will help to
                      enhancement studies on the              The approval for the supplemental applications of Xiao Chaihu
Improvement                                                                                                                      supplemental registration of drugs    explore the market of sugar-free
                      Company’s marketed varieties to         Granules (sugar-free) and Xiangsha Pingwei Granules (sugar-
Project (Technology                                                                                                              and obtain the approval of            granules, provide a new direction to
                      improve the quality and qualification   free) have been granted by the NMPA.
Reform Project)                                                                                                                  supplemental application.             solve the medication limitations of
                      of the existing varieties.
                                                                                                                                                                       diabetes and other patients with
                                                                                                                                                                       prohibited sugar medication, expand the
                                                                                                                                                                       scope of application of the product to
                                                                                                                                                                       meet the health needs of more patient
                                                                                                                                                                       populations, and enhance the quality
                                                                                                                                                                       and competitiveness of the product.
                                                                                                                                                                       Focusing on the innovation of wound
                                                                                                                                                                       hemostatic materials will enrich the
                                                              The Company’s domestically developed single-use sterile
                      To develop a series of emergency                                                                                                                 Company’s medical device product line
New wound                                                     hemostatic clamp has received a Notice of Acceptance for Class
                      medical device products for the                                                                                                                  and meet the demand for efficient
hemostatic material                                           II Medical Devices. In late November 2025, the project             To obtain the medical device
                      temporary control of bleeding, aimed                                                                                                             hemostatic solutions in medical
and arterial                                                  successfully passed the on-site verification and performance       registration certificate.
                      at achieving rapid hemostasis, wound                                                                                                             institutions and emergency settings.
hemostatic gel                                                evaluation of the results of each sub-project conducted by the
                      dressing, and care.                                                                                                                              This aims to establish a leading
                                                              project team.
                                                                                                                                                                       platform in China for trauma
                                                                                                                                                                       emergency care in medical devices.



                                                                                                                                                                                                   40
                                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


R&D team member profile

                                                2025                              2024                            Change rate
  Number of R&D team
                                                              704                                 619                           13.73%
  members (persons)
  Percentage of R&D team
                                                           7.58%                             6.67%                               0.91%
  members in total head counts
  Educational background structure of R&D team members

  Below Bachelor                                               41                                  44                            -6.82%

  Bachelor                                                    325                                 322                            0.93%

  Master                                                      290                                 220                           31.82%

  Above Master                                                 48                                  33                           45.45%

  Age structure of R&D team members

  Aged below 30                                               153                                 139                           10.07%

  Aged 30-40                                                  395                                 354                            11.58%

  Aged 40 and above                                           156                                 126                           23.81%

R&D Investment

                                                             2025                                  2024                  Change rate

  R&D investment amount (RMB)                                    423,334,144.68                         348,383,287.59          21.51%
  Percentage of R&D investment in
                                                                          1.03%                                 0.87%            0.16%
  operating revenue
  Capitalized R&D investment amount
                                                                  72,788,758.43                          10,969,986.56          563.53%
  (RMB)
  Percentage of capitalized R&D
                                                                         17.19%                                 3.15%           14.04%
  investment in total R&D investment
    Note: In 2025, the Company’s R&D expenditure accounted for 2.64% of its industrial sales revenue.

    Reason for the significant change in the composition of R&D team and its impact
    □Applicable    RNot applicable
    Reason for significant change in percentage of R&D investment in operating revenue as compared with the previous year
    □Applicable    RNot applicable
    Reason for significant change in capitalization rate of R&D investment and its rationality
    RApplicable □Not applicable
    Capitalized projects continued to receive investment during the reporting period. The “Fuqi Guben Ointment” project, a key R&D
project for new TCMs, and the “INR101 Project,” an innovative radiopharmaceutical R&D project, have entered Phase III clinical
trials, providing strategic momentum for the Company’s long-term sustainable development.


5. Cash flow

                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                       Year-on-year
                   Item                                   2025                                   2024
                                                                                                                     increase/decrease
  Subtotal of cash inflows from
                                                           46,289,764,400.58                 43,880,006,829.37                   5.49%
  operating activities
  Subtotal of cash outflows from
                                                           41,690,070,520.14                 39,583,003,687.10                   5.32%
  operating activities

                                                                                                                                    41
                                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


   Net cash flows from operating
                                                              4,599,693,880.44                  4,297,003,142.27           7.04%
   activities
   Subtotal of cash inflows from
                                                              7,941,923,117.94                  8,019,213,440.17          -0.96%
   investing activities
   Subtotal of cash outflows from
                                                              9,927,260,178.74                  9,218,214,486.64           7.69%
   investing activities
   Net cash flows from investing
                                                             -1,985,337,060.80                  -1,199,001,046.47        -65.58%
   activities
   Sub-total of cash inflows from
                                                               335,611,144.99                   1,962,072,461.45         -82.90%
   financing activities
   Subtotal of cash outflows from
                                                              4,684,602,943.59                  8,939,807,625.33         -47.60%
   financing activities
   Net cash flow from financing
                                                             -4,348,991,798.60                  -6,977,735,163.88        37.67%
   activities
   Net increase in cash and cash
                                                             -1,743,296,887.95                  -3,876,235,893.15        55.03%
   equivalents

Explanations on main factors of influence of significant year-on-year changes in related data
RApplicable         □Not applicable
     1. Net cash flow from operating activities increased by 7.04% year-on-year, representing an increase of RMB
303 million. This was primarily due to a year-on-year increase of RMB 2.201 billion in cash received from sales of
goods and provision of services; a year-on-year increase of RMB 515 million in taxes paid; and a year-on-year
increase of RMB 1.321 billion in other cash payments related to operating activities.
     2. Net cash flow from investing activities decreased by 65.58% year-on-year, with a net decrease of RMB 786
million. This was primarily due to a RMB 4.72 billion increase in cash paid for investments compared to the same
period last year. This increase was mainly attributable to cash paid for the purchase of relatively safe and liquid
bank wealth management products and securities firm wealth management products, with the aim of enhancing
returns and capital utilization efficiency while ensuring the continuity of daily operations and capital security. Net
cash received from subsidiaries and other business units during the current period increased by RMB 500 million
compared with the same period last year; cash paid out for other investing activities during the current period
decreased by RMB 4.316 billion compared with the same period last year, primarily due to cash paid for time
deposits.
     3. Net cash flow from financing activities increased by 37.67% year-on-year, with the net amount rising by
RMB 2.629 billion. This was primarily due to a decrease of RMB 1.706 billion in cash received from borrowings
compared to the same period last year; a decrease of RMB 2.401 billion in cash paid for debt repayment compared
to the same period last year; and a decrease of RMB 1.909 billion in cash paid for dividends, profits, or interest
compared to the same period last year.

Explanation on the main factors behind the material difference between the net cash flow from operating activities of the Company
during the reporting period and the net profit for the current year
□Applicable RNot applicable


V. Analysis of Non-principal Businesses

RApplicable         □Not applicable
                                                                                                                              42
                                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB

                                                       Percentage in
                                      Amount                                                    Reasons                                Sustainable or not
                                                        total profit
                                                                         It consisted mainly of the gains on investment in
                                                                         Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding Co., Ltd
Investment income                 1,042,986,305.52             17.26%    (“Shanghai Pharma”) and the investment income                        No
                                                                         from the disposal of financial assets held for trading
                                                                         and other non-current financial assets.
                                                                         It consisted mainly of changes in the net value of
Gains (losses) from
                                    110,489,468.71             1.83%     financial assets held for trading and other non-current              No
changes in fair value
                                                                         financial assets held by the Company.
                                                                         It consisted mainly of provisions for inventory
Asset impairment                   -258,372,158.02             -4.28%                                                                         No
                                                                         impairment.
                                                                         It consisted mainly of the income unrelated to the
Non-operating revenue                24,951,555.82             0.41%                                                                          No
                                                                         Company’s day-to-day operating activities.
                                                                         It consisted mainly of the expenses unrelated to the
Non-operating expenses               20,576,232.96             0.34%                                                                          No
                                                                         Company’s day-to-day operating activities.
                                                                         It consisted mainly of the provision for bad debt
Credit impairment losses
                                     58,066,387.77             0.96%     related to accounts receivable in the commercial                     No
(loss is indicated with “-”)
                                                                         sector.
Plus: Other income                  100,782,693.13             1.67%     It consisted mainly of government subsidies.                         No
Gains from disposal of                                                   It consisted mainly of gains from the disposal of non-
assets (loss is indicated             8,167,595.81             0.14%     current assets and gains from the disposal of rights to              No
with “-”)                                                                use assets.
               Note: Investment income from Shanghai Pharma amounted to RMB 989 million. This investment is part of a

       strategic partnership between the two parties, which helps leverage their industrial synergies; therefore, this investment

       income is sustainable.


       VI. Analysis on Assets and Liabilities

       1. Significant changes in assets composition

                                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB

                                     End of 2025                         Beginning of 2025

                                                                                        Proportion      Increase/decrease            Explanations on
                                               Proportion in                                              in proportion            significant changes
                               Amount                                  Amount             in total
                                                total assets
                                                                                           assets
                                                                                                                             During the reporting
                                                                                                                             period, the Company
                                                                                                                             distributed its 2024
  Cash and bank                                                                                                              annual dividend and
                            9,107,829,167.98         16.78%      10,887,983,161.30           20.58%                -3.80%
  balance                                                                                                                    2025 special dividend,
                                                                                                                             with a total cash
                                                                                                                             dividend payout of
                                                                                                                             RMB 3.933 billion.
  Accounts
                        10,160,059,223.29            18.72%       9,923,361,104.39           18.75%                -0.03%    No significant changes.
  receivable




                                                                                                                                                43
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                      Improved inventory
                                                                                                      management efficiency
Inventories          6,231,383,826.69   11.48%    6,294,368,316.30       11.90%             -0.42%
                                                                                                      and faster inventory
                                                                                                      turnover.
Investment
                       50,366,578.65    0.09%       49,884,012.15         0.09%              0.00%    No significant changes.
property
Long-term                                                                                             Shanghai Pharma
equity              13,227,578,051.91   24.37%   12,561,276,081.35       23.74%              0.63%    continued to generate
investments                                                                                           investment income.

Fixed assets         3,274,340,152.34   6.03%     3,012,878,828.09        5.69%              0.34%    No significant changes.

Construction in
                      807,592,848.36    1.49%      703,439,112.24         1.33%              0.16%    No significant changes.
progress
Right-of-use
                      248,003,380.85    0.46%      291,177,021.52         0.55%             -0.09%    No significant changes.
assets
Short-term                                                                                            Decrease in credit loans
                      182,775,753.21    0.34%      423,380,272.64         0.80%             -0.46%
borrowings                                                                                            during this period.
Contractual                                                                                           Decrease in advances
                     1,505,826,938.18   2.77%     1,916,123,387.16        3.62%             -0.85%
liabilities                                                                                           from customers
Long-term                                                                                             Increase in mortgage
                       86,569,400.83    0.16%         2,100,000.00        0.00%              0.16%
borrowings                                                                                            loans of Juyaotang.

Lease liabilities     141,830,379.18    0.26%      190,656,990.23         0.36%             -0.10%    No significant changes.
                                                                                                      The Company has
                                                                                                      exited all secondary
                                                                                                      market equity
                                                                                                      investments. To enhance
                                                                                                      returns and improve
                                                                                                      capital efficiency, while
                                                                                                      ensuring the safety of
                                                                                                      daily operations and
                                                                                                      funds, the Company
Financial assets
                     4,192,113,408.43   7.72%     2,547,113,523.40        4.81%              2.91%    utilized idle proprietary
held for trading
                                                                                                      funds during the current
                                                                                                      period to make wealth
                                                                                                      management
                                                                                                      investments, purchasing
                                                                                                      bank and brokerage
                                                                                                      wealth management
                                                                                                      products that offer
                                                                                                      relatively high safety
                                                                                                      and liquidity.
                                                                                                      Decrease in domestic
                                                                                                      letters of credit and
Notes
                      585,366,210.93    1.08%      929,651,911.37         1.76%             -0.68%    banker’s acceptance
receivable
                                                                                                      bills held at the end of
                                                                                                      the period.
                                                                                                      Increase in advances to
Advances to
                      434,442,949.73    0.80%      303,563,844.07         0.57%              0.23%    suppliers at the end of
suppliers
                                                                                                      the period.
                                                                                                      Changes in other
Other
                      406,517,244.11    0.75%      108,427,198.33         0.20%              0.55%    receivables and
receivables
                                                                                                      payables.
Non-current
                                                                                                      Decrease in time
assets due                              0.00%      480,295,722.22         0.91%             -0.91%
                                                                                                      deposits.
within one year
                                                                                                                      44
                                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                         Increase in time
Other current
                       1,234,895,158.04              2.28%         788,108,579.54           1.49%                0.79%   deposits and funds
assets
                                                                                                                         awaiting conversion.
Other non-                                                                                                               Disposal of investments
current financial        210,855,260.47              0.39%         387,688,897.11           0.73%               -0.34%   held at the beginning of
assets                                                                                                                   the period.
                                                                                                                         During the reporting
Development
                          98,211,219.56              0.18%          25,422,461.13           0.05%                0.13%   period, there were new
expenses
                                                                                                                         capitalized projects.
                                                                                                                         Goodwill recognized in
                                                                                                                         this period as a result of
Goodwill                 300,805,632.99              0.55%          96,963,241.17           0.18%                0.37%
                                                                                                                         a business combination
                                                                                                                         has increased.
                                                                                                                         Increase in prepayments
                                                                                                                         for the purchase of
Other non-
                         161,560,224.80              0.30%         116,374,395.93           0.22%                0.08%   fixed assets and other
current assets
                                                                                                                         items at the end of the
                                                                                                                         period.
                                                                                                                         Advance rent
Advances from
                             190,841.21              0.00%             446,673.78           0.00%                0.00%   receivables decreased at
customers
                                                                                                                         the end of this period.
                                                                                                                         Decrease in income
Taxes and duties
                         278,051,492.11              0.51%         466,603,767.14           0.88%               -0.37%   taxes payable at the end
payable
                                                                                                                         of the period.
                                                                                                                         Increase in accrued
Long-term                                                                                                                long-term employee
                           1,718,946.33              0.00%           1,296,365.44           0.00%                0.00%
payroll payable                                                                                                          compensation at the end
                                                                                                                         of the period.
                                                                                                                         The provision for
                                                                                                                         returns payable
Provisions                22,513,696.41              0.04%          12,726,280.09           0.02%                0.02%
                                                                                                                         recognized in this
                                                                                                                         period has increased.
                                                                                                                         Increase in deferred
Deferred                                                                                                                 income tax liabilities
income tax               148,417,516.74              0.27%          93,867,331.53           0.18%                0.09%   resulting from changes
liabilities                                                                                                              in the income tax rates
                                                                                                                         of subsidiaries.
                                                                                                                         The non-wholly-owned
                                                                                                                         subsidiary placed shares
                                                                                                                         with minority
Minority
                         103,441,983.91              0.19%          34,138,137.76           0.06%                0.13%   shareholders and the
interests
                                                                                                                         non-wholly-owned
                                                                                                                         subsidiary generated a
                                                                                                                         profit.
       The proportion of overseas assets is relatively high
       □Applicable RNot applicable


       2. Assets and liabilities at fair value

       RApplicable □Not applicable

                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB

                                 Profits or losses   Cumulative     Impairment
                                                                                  Purchase amount     Sales amount
                                  on changes in      changes in       accrued                                             Other
Item          Opening balance                                                        during the         during the                       Closing balance
                                    fair value        fair value     during the                                          changes
                                                                                  reporting period   reporting period
                                    during the       included in     reporting
                                                                                                                                          45
                                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                           reporting period    equity           period

Financial assets

1. Financial
assets held for
trading
                      2,547,113,523.40      63,620,485.18                                  10,070,200,000.00     8,488,820,600.15                    4,192,113,408.43
(derivative
financial assets
excluded)

2. Other equity
instrument              71,745,000.00                                                                                                                   71,745,000.00
investments

3. Other non-
current financial      387,688,897.11       46,868,983.53                                                         217,787,880.00    -5,914,740.17      210,855,260.47
assets

Subtotal of
                      3,006,547,420.51     110,489,468.71                                  10,070,200,000.00     8,706,608,480.15   -5,914,740.17    4,474,713,668.90
financial assets

Total                 3,006,547,420.51     110,489,468.71                                  10,070,200,000.00     8,706,608,480.15   -5,914,740.17    4,474,713,668.90

Financial
                                  0.00                                                                                                                           0.00
liabilities

              Other variations: None
              Whether the Company had significant changes in measurement attributes of main assets during the reporting period
              □ Yes RNo


              3. Restrictions on asset rights as of the end of the reporting period


                          Item                      Closing book value                                   Reason of restriction

              Cash and bank balance                            14,353,427.82 Guarantee deposits, banker’s acceptance deposit, performance bond, etc.

                                                                             Preservative measures. Currently, the plaintiff has withdrawn the
              Cash and bank balance                             1,489,443.87 lawsuit, and the court has ruled to lift the preservative measures. The
                                                                             lifting will be immediately executed as of the date of the ruling.
                                                                               Specifically designated for the maintenance of housing related to
              Cash and bank balance                             2,650,040.09
                                                                               housing reform
              Assets of the restructured                                       Assets of the restructured special account, specifically used to cover the
                                                              557,103,568.81
              special account                                                  costs of identity conversion for employees of state-owned enterprises
                                                                               Accounts receivable factoring for Anguo Juyaotang Pharmaceutical Co.,
              Accounts receivable                              11,914,174.65
                                                                               Ltd.
                                                                               Mortgage loan secured by real estate and buildings of Anguo Juyaotang
              Fixed assets                                    140,829,049.75
                                                                               Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                                                                               Land use right mortgage loan for Anguo Juyaotang Pharmaceutical Co.,
              Intangible assets                                45,520,086.38
                                                                               Ltd.

              Total                                           773,859,791.37                                       --


              VII. Investment Analysis

              1. Overview

              RApplicable     □Not applicable

                                                                                                                                                       46
                                                                         2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


   Investment during the reporting period   Investment during the same period of the
                                                                                               Percentage of change
                  (RMB)                              previous year (RMB)

                         9,927,260,178.74                          9,218,214,486.64                                   7.69%


2. Significant equity investments made during the reporting period

□Applicable RNot applicable




                                                                                                                         47
                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


             3. Significant non-equity investments in progress during the reporting period
             RApplicable          □Not applicable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                      Cumulative
                                                                                                                                                                                        Reasons
                                                                                                                                                                         gains
                                            Investment                                Amount             Total actual                                                                  for unmet
                                                             Involved industry                                                                                        realized as                     Disclosure
                            Investment        in fixed                            invested during     investment as of    Source of    Progress of       Estimated                      progress
       Project Name                                            in investment                                                                                          of the end                       date (if         Disclosure index (if any)
                              method         assets or                              the reporting       the end of the     funding       project          income                          and
                                                                  projects                                                                                               of the                          any)
                                                not                                    period         reporting period                                                                 estimated
                                                                                                                                                                       reporting
                                                                                                                                                                                        income
                                                                                                                                                                         period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   http://www.cninfo.com.cn/ne
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   w/disclosure/detail?stockCod
   Yunnan Baiyao                                             Pharmaceuticals,
                            Self-                                                                                         Self-                                                                       June 9,      e=000538&announcementId
   Shanghai                                 Yes              daily chemical       116,323,320.33       993,502,153.44                       95.00%                                    N/A
                            established                                                                                   funded                                                                      2021         =1210206330&orgId=gssz00
   International Center                                      products
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   00538&announcementTime=
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2021-06-09
   Yunnan Baiyao R&D
   Platform - Kunming       Self-                                                                                         Self-
                                            Yes              Pharmaceuticals       18,597,610.39       307,072,252.54                       56.00%                                    N/A
   Center Construction      established                                                                                   funded
   Project

   Total                        --                 --                --           134,920,930.72      1,300,574,405.98       --             --                 0.00            0.00       --               --                      --


             4. Financial assets investment

             (1) Securities investment

             RApplicable          □Not applicable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB
                                                                                                           Profits or                        Purchase
                                                                                                           losses on       Cumulative         amount
                                                                    Accounting                                                                               Sales amount        Profits and losses
 Type of                        Stock                  Initial                       Opening book       changes in fair   changes in fair     during                                                     Closing book       Accounting        Source of
               Stock code                                           measurement                                                                                during the           during the
securities                   Abbreviation         investment cost                       value            value during     value included        the                                                         value              item            funding
                                                                      model                                                                                 reporting period     reporting period
                                                                                                         the reporting       in equity       reporting
                                                                                                             period                            period
Domestic                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Other non-
and                         Jacobson                                                                                                                                                                                       current            Self-
              HK.02633                            238,699,200.00    Fair value       190,764,240.00      27,023,640.00                                       217,787,880.00           56,125,669.45                 0
overseas                    Pharma                                                                                                                                                                                         financial          funded
stocks                                                                                                                                                                                                                     assets
Domestic
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial
and                         JBM                                                                                                                                                                                                               Self-
              HK.02161                             25,039,800.00    Fair value       133,544,228.40      -8,167,621.77                                       125,376,606.63            5,325,060.94                 0      assets held for
overseas                    (Healthcare)                                                                                                                                                                                                      funded
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           trading
stocks
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         48
                                                                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Domestic
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial
and                       SinoMab                                                                                                                                                                                     Self-
            HK.03681                        354,119,828.19   Fair value          45,702,769.70   15,620,237.06                                  61,323,006.76        52,022,960.46            0   assets held for
overseas                  BioScience                                                                                                                                                                                  funded
                                                                                                                                                                                                  trading
stocks

Total                                       617,858,828.19         --        370,011,238.10      34,476,255.29          0.00         0.00      404,487,493.39       113,473,690.85            0          --              --


                Note: During the reporting period, the Company fully divested its investments in Jacobson Pharma, JBM (Healthcare), and SinoMab BioScience, and their carrying

           amounts were zero as of the end of the reporting period.

           (2) Investment in derivatives

           □Applicable RNot applicable
           The Company had no investments in derivatives during the reporting period.


           VIII. Significant Assets and Equity Sales

           1. Significant assets sales
           □Applicable RNot applicable
           The Company had no significant assets sales during the reporting period.

           2. Significant equity sales
           □Applicable RNot applicable


           IX. Analysis on the Major Holding Companies and Joint-stock Companies

           RApplicable         □Not applicable
           Major subsidiaries and joint-stock companies with a net profit impact of over 10%

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB

                         Company                                                                 Registered
  Company name                                        Principal Business                                           Total assets             Net assets          Operating revenue    Operating profit          Net Profit
                           type                                                                   capital
 Yunnan
 Pharmaceutical,       Subsidiary      Wholesale and retail of pharmaceuticals               1,000,000,000.00    15,616,377,584.89      7,242,239,130.04        24,201,786,136.36    1,023,650,998.87         766,554,792.53
 Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                 49
                                                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                     Company                                                                  Registered
 Company name                                     Principal Business                                             Total assets         Net assets          Operating revenue    Operating profit      Net Profit
                       type                                                                    capital
Yunnan Baiyao
Group Health         Subsidiary   Production and sales of oral hygiene products              84,500,000.00      7,656,363,534.04    5,216,027,227.67        6,745,018,316.35   1,359,605,093.46   1,129,670,915.51
Products Co., Ltd.
YNBY
                                  Specialized in trade of finished cooking oil,
International        Subsidiary                                                                                  534,377,595.28      323,331,680.67         1,013,333,023.65       8,399,946.82       4,151,212.72
                                  sugar, personal care products, and cosmetics.
Limited
                                  R&D, manufacturing, and sales of API,
                                  pharmaceutical products (including but not
                                  limited to chemical Active Pharmaceutical
                                  Ingredients (APIs), chemical preparations, TCM
                                  materials, Chinese patent medicines, TCM
                                  decoction pieces, biochemical drugs, biological
                                  products, narcotics, psychotropic drugs, and toxic
                                  drugs for medical use [Adapted to the scope of
                                  business], vaccines) of various dosage forms
                                  (including but not limited to tablets, capsules,
Shanghai             Joint-       aerosols, immune preparations, granules, plasters,
Pharmaceuticals      stock        pills, oral liquids, inhalants, injections, liniments,   3,696,414,318.00   233,148,766,767.21   89,787,293,723.60     283,579,600,562.98    9,942,085,632.77   6,973,717,681.49
Holding Co., Ltd.    company      tinctures, suppositories) health products, medical
                                  devices, and related products, manufacturing and
                                  sales of pharmaceutical equipment, engineering
                                  installation and maintenance, warehousing and
                                  logistics, sea, land, and air freight forwarding
                                  business, industrial investment, asset
                                  management, provision of international economic
                                  and trade information and consulting services,
                                  self-owned house leasing, import and export
                                  business of various self-operated and agent drugs
                                  and related goods and technologies.
            Note: In accordance with the Company’s relevant policies, the Yunnan Baiyao Group Health Products Co., Ltd (“Health Products Company”) has recognized brand usage fees payable to the
        Group’s parent company totaling RMB 1.131 billion for the use of the “Yunnan Baiyao” master brand trademark; excluding these brand usage fees, the Health Products Company’s profit for 2025
        would be RMB 2.091 billion.
             Acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries during the reporting period
             RApplicable □Not applicable

                                                                                                                                                                                                       50
                                                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                        Method of acquiring and disposing of subsidiaries during the
                          Company name                                                                                                         Impact on overall operations and performance
                                                                                             Reporting Period

  Anguo Juyaotang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                             Acquisition                                                     No material impact.

  Beijing Juyaotang Technology Co., Ltd.                               Acquisition                                                     No material impact.

  Time Travel (Guangzhou) Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.             Acquisition                                                     No material impact.

  Shanghai Yunzhen Outpatient Department                               Sale                                                            No material impact.

  Yunnan Baiyao Group Shuzhi Technology Co., Ltd.                      Establishment                                                   No material impact.

  PT YNBY Healthcare Indonesia                                         Establishment                                                   No material impact.

  Yunnan Baiyao Group TCM Development (Weishan) Co., Ltd.              Establishment                                                   No material impact.

  CICC Targeted Asset Management-GF-CICC Qirui No. 1                   Liquidation                                                     No material impact.

  Lieder Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.                               Liquidation                                                     No material impact.

   Explanation on companies subject to control or share participation of the Company: None


X. Structured Entities Controlled by the Company

   RApplicable □Not applicable
   For details, please refer to “X. Interest in Other Entities” under Section VIII.




                                                                                                                                                                                              51
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


XI. Outlook of the Company

     In 2026, taking Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era as its guiding
principle, the Company will thoroughly study and implement the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the
Communist Party of China and the important speeches and instructions made by General Secretary Xi Jinping during
his inspection tour of Yunnan, and actively align with the Yunnan Provincial Party Committee’s “3815” strategic
development goals. Closely centering on the overarching theme of synergistically advancing “growth, efficiency
enhancement, and value creation” and focusing on a development approach that is “profitable, high-quality, and
sustainable,” we will strive to build a New Baiyao for the new era, which boasts a strong and competitive core
business, leading innovation, efficient governance, and vibrant vitality, and develop Yunnan Baiyao into a leading
domestic and world-class modern pharmaceutical industrial group with revenue exceeding RMB 100 billion.

(I) Key Work Plan for 2026

     1. Keeping to the right direction: Driving high-quality development through high-quality Party building,

continuously improving modern corporate governance mechanisms

     The Company will take Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era as its

guiding principle, integrate the Party’s leadership and strengthen Party building throughout the entire corporate

management process, comprehensively enhance the leading role of Party building in “driving reform, improving

governance, uniting the workforce, and promoting development” and advance the deep integration of Party building

into the strategic planning, corporate governance, operational management, and reform and development processes,

striving to establish a new model of Party building. At the same time, we will integrate the strengthening of the

Party’s leadership with the improvement of corporate governance, adhere to a market-oriented approach, accelerate

the development of modern corporate governance with Chinese characteristics and market-oriented business

mechanisms, and continuously stimulate the vitality and innovative drive of the Company.

     2. Remain steadfast: Keeping strategic goals firmly in mind to effectively drive the efficient implementation

of all tasks

     The essence of strategy lies in the methods used to achieve sustained growth in corporate value. First, in terms

of strategic direction, the Company will uphold the goal of promote the Centennial Baiyao to elevate from

“outstanding” to “excellence” and establishing it as a leading domestic and world-class modern pharmaceutical

industrial group as its unwavering direction and objective for the next five years. Building upon the “2+3” strategic

plan, we will evolve it into a new “3+2” strategy. We will not only preserve Baiyao’s legacy of “outstanding” but

also proactively seek change and pursue development, maintaining an entrepreneurial mindset at all times to propel

the Company toward “excellence.” Second, regarding strategic implementation, in 2026, the Company will fully

                                                                                                                    52
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



focus on upgrading, breaking down, and executing the “3+2” strategy. Each business unit will remain firmly aligned

with the Group’s overall strategic direction, deeply understand the strategic intent and core objectives, and

systematically break down and decompose these into clear, actionable annual goals, priority tasks, and key

initiatives. This will ensure that goals are aligned, approaches are synchronized, and responsibilities are assigned to

specific individuals, thereby guaranteeing the precise and efficient implementation of the strategy.

     3. Precise focus: Optimizing resource allocation and enhancing operational efficiency

     In today’s market, competitive advantage comes not from “doing more,” but from “choosing better.” First, we

shall focus on our strategic priorities and continuously optimize our industrial portfolio. The Company will establish

first-, second-, and third-curve models for customers, regions, and product lifecycles across all business lines, and

will further identify growth opportunities around each curve to ensure a more focused allocation of resources.

Second, we shall focus on products and drive overall growth with flagship products. We will continue to advance

the “flagship product” strategy as a dedicated project, and through sustained investment, systematic management,

and long-term commitment, gradually build a product portfolio characterized by “leading flagship products, strong

mid-tier support, and a solid foundation.” Third, we shall focus on resources and maintain a goal-oriented approach

to ensure effective implementation. The Company will maintain a goal-oriented approach to ensure that resources,

including human capital, funds, budgets, and incentives, are effectively aligned with strategic priorities. We will

identify the core drivers of business growth and, through a scientific input-output evaluation system, dynamically

adjust resource allocation to enhance overall investment efficiency.

     4. Seeking breakthroughs: Cultivating a second curve to unlock growth potential

     While maintaining a stable core business, the Company will accelerate the development of a sustainable

“second growth curve” through systematic capacity building. First, to deepen organic growth, the Company will

further advance relevant businesses across the board, continuing to coordinate the synergistic advancement of cost

reduction, quality improvement, and efficiency enhancement. We will conduct systematic planning from a broader

strategic perspective, particularly with a focus on creating customer value; precisely identify and capitalize on the

core value points within customers’ genuine needs to continuously generate incremental value. At the same time,

the Company will continue to focus on internal operational management, tapping into the potential of key areas

such as optimizing production capacity structures, adjusting industrial layouts, streamlining logistics routes, and

coordinating warehouse resources, with the aim of continuously improving overall operational efficiency and the

effectiveness of resource allocation. Second, to advance external expansion, the Company will continue to pursue

strategic investments and mergers and acquisitions, continuously enhancing its ability to professionally evaluate
                                                                                                                       53
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



and screen potential targets. We will prioritize targets that are highly synergistic with Yunnan Baiyao’s brand

positioning, product portfolio, distribution network, and core competitive advantages, and concentrate our resources

to drive breakthroughs in strategic M&A, thereby effectively bolstering the momentum of our business development.

Third, to foster new growth drivers within existing industries, the Company will continue to vigorously advance its

“flagship product” strategy. By focusing on product portfolios at various scale levels, we will establish clear product

advancement pathways to ensure well-defined objectives, clear responsibilities, appropriate resource allocation, and

effective performance evaluation mechanisms. The Pharmaceuticals and Health Products segment is rapidly driving

the replication and promotion of the “flagship product” model, while the TCM Resources segment continues to

fulfill its responsibilities as a “chain leader” in the high-quality development of Yunnan’s TCM resources. This will

drive the quality improvement and upgrading of the TCM material industry. By expanding export markets, the

segment is creating a “dual-engine model driven by both social and economic benefits.” Leveraging Yunnan’s

resource advantages, it supports the development of industrial strengths and product clusters, while simultaneously

using these industrial strengths to drive the appreciation of resource value, thereby forming a development pattern

characterized by two-way synergy between resources and industry. The pharmaceutical commercial segment is

focused on the core objectives of “stabilizing growth, managing risks, restructuring, and improving efficiency,”

driving systemic management reforms and continuously strengthening lean operational management capabilities.

Emerging business segments such as health supplements, medical devices, and skincare are concentrating resources

to develop “flagship products” in their respective niche markets. Our international business is grounded in

effectively implementing national and Yunnan provincial strategies. By leveraging the strategic advantages of the

Mohan-Moding border hub and policies supporting cross-border economic cooperation, as well as Hong Kong’s

open economic system and geographical advantages, we are deepening our engagement with key markets and clients

to rapidly drive growth in overseas sales of our products.

     5. Strengthening empowerment: Improving the management and control system to enhance business

competitiveness

     A robust closed-loop management and control system and a strong set of management and control capabilities

are prerequisites for a company to achieve strategic leadership and implement its strategies. The Company is

committed to building a management and control system and organizational capabilities that align with its strategic

objectives. First, we will strengthen the Group’s management and control system. The headquarters will establish a

“strategy + finance” management model to solidify its four core functions: “leadership, service, oversight, and

capability.” Under the Group’s unified strategic guidance, each business unit will operate as a subsidiary, enhancing
                                                                                                                     54
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



its professional and market-oriented operational capabilities, rapidly improving the development of sector-specific

functions, strengthening foundational financial management, and truly fulfilling its role as an operational and profit

center. Second, we will deepen comprehensive budget management, promote the seamless integration of

“comprehensive budgeting—business analysis—performance evaluation and incentives” , implement categorized

budgeting, performance evaluation, and accounting, strengthen the rigidity of budget constraints and process

corrections, and enhance the depth of financial data support for business decision-making, in order to ensure that

major decisions are backed by data, projections, and sound rationale. Third, we will strengthen and solidify our

central platform capabilities. Focusing on our strategic objectives, we will systematically advance the development

of five core capability platforms: Building a “comprehensive R&D” platform, establishing an R&D system that

efficiently aligns with market needs and an innovation organizational model centered on “major projects + key

teams + industrial transformation,” refining the co-investment and incentive mechanisms for R&D teams and

effectively integrating cutting-edge innovation with market demands; Building a “comprehensive manufacturing”

platform to integrate production and sales, optimize production capacity allocation, and strengthen outsourcing

management and brand protection; Establishing a “comprehensive marketing” platform to coordinate online and

offline channels, align differentiated products, and enhance control over the investment-to-output ratio and the

timing of resource allocation; Building a “comprehensive supply chain” platform to implement measures such as

strategic stockpiling, production-sales coordination, and optimization of warehousing and logistics, thereby

mitigating market risks and improving operational efficiency; Enhancing the “comprehensive oversight” platform

by integrating oversight resources from disciplinary inspection, inspection tours, auditing, compliance, and finance,

pooling oversight efforts to ensure the implementation of key measures. Fourth, we will enhance the impact of

digital and intelligent transformation and brand building, and systematically implement connotations and

application scenarios of “use cases” such as the “Lighthouse Factory” program, creating high-quality intellectual

property to better drive business growth.

     6. Deepening sharing: Co-creating value and sharing the results to build a win-win framework

     Sharing is the key to uniting people and fostering vitality, and it is also the cornerstone of a company’s

sustainable development. Internally, the Company will establish sound market-oriented incentive mechanisms to

fully energize the organization; externally, it will enable shareholders to share in investment returns through

outstanding performance and allow society to share in the Company’s value through a sense of responsibility. First,

we will improve incentive and accountability mechanisms to foster mutual growth between employees and the

Company. Through contract-based management, we will align employees’ short-term tasks with the Company’s
                                                                                                                     55
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



long-term strategic goals to create an agile incentive system that supports business growth. Second, we will

strengthen our Market Value Management and continue to deliver returns to shareholders and society. Market Value

Management stems from value management; value, in turn, derives from the certainty, growth potential, and

sustainability of a company’s strategy, and serves as a comprehensive reflection of its corporate governance

standards, management capabilities, and quality of development. The Company will actively respond to regulatory

requirements regarding Market Value Management for listed companies. We will maintain strategic willpower,

strengthen our business focus, pursue systemic breakthroughs, and excel in operational management to foster a win-

win environment. Our goal is to build the Company into a benchmark enterprise that leads industry trends, possesses

strong competitiveness, and delivers high returns, continuously creating value for shareholders and contributing to

society.

     The year 2026 marks a watershed moment for Yunnan Baiyao. It marks the launch of Phase II of the Group’s

“2+3” strategy, the inauguration of its new “3+2” strategy, and the commencement of the 15th Five-Year Plan, a

convergence of milestones that elevates this year to critical importance in Baiyao’s ascent to the next tier of

development. United in purpose, clear in vision, and resolute in commitment, Yunnan Baiyao stands ready to propel

this century-old enterprise from “outstanding” to “excellence” as it opens this new chapter.

     (II) Risks and Countermeasures

     1. Risk of policy changes

     In recent years, the government has continuously introduced supportive policies for the pharmaceutical industry,

providing pharmaceutical companies with excellent opportunities for growth. At the same time, medical insurance

reforms will be further deepened, with regular centralized volume-based procurement covering a wider range of

drugs, and laws and regulations governing drug supervision will be comprehensively revised and updated, placing

higher demands on the healthy development of the pharmaceutical industry. The Company will closely monitor

national pharmaceutical policy trends, strengthen its tracking, analysis, and interpretation of key industry

developments, and remain steadfast in upholding pharmaceutical compliance standards. Guided by clinical value,

we will drive the establishment and optimization of our innovation and R&D system as well as our efficacy

evaluation system, thereby fostering the Company’s sustained and stable growth.

     2. Market uncertainty risk

     Due to factors such as fluctuations in raw material prices, price controls on pharmaceutical products, and

intensifying competition at the retail level, the pharmaceutical industry is facing significant operational pressures.

Meanwhile, the health sector is grappling with challenges such as wavering consumer confidence, which is posing
                                                                                                                     56
                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



obstacles to business growth. As we navigate these challenging times, the Company will continue to build upon its

competitive strengths across the entire industrial chain and leverage innovation as a driving force. By continuously

strengthening our supply chain infrastructure, improving operational efficiency, and implementing more refined

management of our distribution channels and retail outlets, we will further solidify our advantages in innovation,

cost efficiency, and distribution channels. This will enable the Company to weather economic cycles and achieve

sustainable, high-quality growth in the face of market competition.

     3. Risks related to transformation of innovative R&D outcomes

     To build a technological edge and enhance its core competitiveness, the Company has been steadily increasing

its investment in drug R&D in recent years. New drug development is generally characterized by high capital

investment, long development cycles, lower-than-expected commercialization rates, and market uncertainty

following future commercialization. Should relevant policies or market demand change, this could affect the

commercial value of new products under development. Once R&D is completed, the ability to successfully

commercialize the new drug is also a key factor affecting the return on R&D investment. The Company will

carefully evaluate new drug R&D projects in line with its strategic objectives, concentrate resources on key projects,

enhance risk management capabilities throughout the R&D process, strengthen collaboration between industry,

academia, and research institutions, improve the ability to commercialize research outcomes, and reduce uncertainty

in R&D investments.

     4. Risks associated with extensive growth

     The Company is actively advancing toward its strategic goals by pursuing an industrial development strategy

that combines both endogenous and extensive growth, striving to inject new momentum into its sustainable

development. As the Company pursues its strategy of extensive growth, a key challenge it faces is how to leverage

investment and innovation to introduce new variables, build a new Baiyao platform, integrate more external

resources, and establish a comprehensive industrial chain, and ultimately secure a foothold in a highly competitive

and rapidly evolving market. The Company will remain strategy-driven and customer-centric, continuously

enhancing its market insights to build a healthy and sustainable portfolio of businesses.


XII. Survey, communication, interviews and other activities received during the reporting
period

RApplicable       □Not applicable




                                                                                                                      57
                                                                                 2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                  Discussions and
 Time of         Place of         Mode of        Type of
                                                                  Guests            information        Basic information index of the survey
reception       reception         reception      guests
                                                                                      provided
                                                                                 To understand the
                                                                                                      https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
             Office building                                                     business situation
January 7,                     Telephone                      2 persons                               ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
             at the                             Institution                      of the Company
2025                           communication                  from FSSA                               cementId=1222284924&orgId=gssz000
             headquarters                                                        and other related
                                                                                                      0538&announcementTime=2025-01-09
                                                                                 issues.
                                                                                 To understand the
                                                                                                      https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
             Office building                                  3 persons          business situation
January 8,                     Telephone                                                              ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
             at the                             Institution   from China         of the Company
2025                           communication                                                          cementId=1222284922&orgId=gssz000
             headquarters                                     Securities, etc.   and other related
                                                                                                      0538&announcementTime=2025-01-09
                                                                                 issues.
                                                              2 persons          To understand the
                                                                                                      https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
             Office building                                  from ABC-CA        business situation
January                        Telephone                                                              ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
             at the                             Institution   Fund               of the Company
10, 2025                       communication                                                          cementId=1222320877&orgId=gssz000
             headquarters                                     Management,        and other related
                                                                                                      0538&announcementTime=2025-01-13
                                                              etc.               issues.
                                                                                 To understand the
                                                                                                      https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
             Office building                                  2 persons          business situation
January                                                                                               ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
             at the            Field research   Institution   from CICC,         of the Company
13, 2025                                                                                              cementId=1222342453&orgId=gssz000
             headquarters                                     etc.               and other related
                                                                                                      0538&announcementTime=2025-01-15
                                                                                 issues.
                                                                                 To understand the
                                                                                                      https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
             Office building                                  6 persons          business situation
January                                                                                               ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
             at the            Field research   Institution   from Dacheng       of the Company
14, 2025                                                                                              cementId=1222342451&orgId=gssz000
             headquarters                                     Fund               and other related
                                                                                                      0538&announcementTime=2025-01-15
                                                                                 issues.
                                                                                 To understand the
                                                                                                      https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
             Office building                                  17 persons         business situation
January                                                                                               ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
             at the            Field research   Institution   from Pacific       of the Company
23, 2025                                                                                              cementId=1222430012&orgId=gssz000
             headquarters                                     Securities, etc.   and other related
                                                                                                      0538&announcementTime=2025-01-24
                                                                                 issues.
                                                              146 persons,
                                                              including          To understand the
                                                                                                      https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
             Office building                                  those from         business situation
April 1,                       Telephone                                                              ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
             at the                             Others        institutional      of the Company
2025                           communication                                                          cementId=1223004263&orgId=gssz000
             headquarters                                     investors and      and other related
                                                                                                      0538&announcementTime=2025-04-03
                                                              individual         issues.
                                                              investors
                                                              3 persons
                                                                                 To understand the
                                                              from Orient                             https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
             Office building                                                     business situation
April 3,                       Telephone                      Securities                              ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
             at the                             Institution                      of the Company
2025                           communication                  Asset                                   cementId=1223019906&orgId=gssz000
             headquarters                                                        and other related
                                                              Management,                             0538&announcementTime=2025-04-07
                                                                                 issues.
                                                              etc.
                                                                                 To understand the
                                                                                                      https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
             Office building                                  2 persons          business situation
April 7,                       Telephone                                                              ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
             at the                             Institution   from E-Fund        of the Company
2025                           communication                                                          cementId=1223042367&orgId=gssz000
             headquarters                                     Fund, etc.         and other related
                                                                                                      0538&announcementTime=2025-04-09
                                                                                 issues.
                                                              3 persons          To understand the
                                                                                                      https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
             Office building                                  from Taiping       business situation
April 7,                       Telephone                                                              ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
             at the                             Institution   Asset              of the Company
2025                           communication                                                          cementId=1223042374&orgId=gssz000
             headquarters                                     Management,        and other related
                                                                                                      0538&announcementTime=2025-04-09
                                                              etc.               issues.


                                                                                                                                    58
                                                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                              Discussions and
 Time of        Place of         Mode of        Type of
                                                                 Guests         information        Basic information index of the survey
reception      reception         reception      guests
                                                                                  provided
                                                                             To understand the
                                                                                                  https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                  4 persons       business situation
April 8,                      Telephone                                                           ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the                             Institution   from Penghua    of the Company
2025                          communication                                                       cementId=1223042376&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                     Fund, etc.      and other related
                                                                                                  0538&announcementTime=2025-04-09
                                                                             issues.
                                                                             To understand the
                                                             5 persons                            https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                                  business situation
April 8,                      Telephone                      from China                           ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the                             Institution                   of the Company
2025                          communication                  Merchants                            cementId=1223042378&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                                     and other related
                                                             Fund, etc.                           0538&announcementTime=2025-04-09
                                                                             issues.
                                                                             To understand the
                                                             4 persons                            https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                                  business situation
April 9,                      Telephone                      from BOCOM                           ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the                             Institution                   of the Company
2025                          communication                  Schroders,                           cementId=1223068757&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                                     and other related
                                                             etc.                                 0538&announcementTime=2025-04-11
                                                                             issues.
                                                             2 persons       To understand the
                                                                                                  https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                  from Caitong    business situation
April 10,                     Telephone                                                           ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the                             Institution   Fund            of the Company
2025                          communication                                                       cementId=1223068762&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                     Management,     and other related
                                                                                                  0538&announcementTime=2025-04-11
                                                             etc.            issues.
                                                             5 persons       To understand the
                                                                                                  https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                  from China      business situation
April 10,                     Telephone                                                           ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the                             Institution   Life Asset      of the Company
2025                          communication                                                       cementId=1223068767&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                     Management,     and other related
                                                                                                  0538&announcementTime=2025-04-11
                                                             etc.            issues.
                                                                             To understand the
                                                                                                  https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                  6 persons       business situation
April 11,                     Telephone                                                           ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the                             Institution   from Huaxia     of the Company
2025                          communication                                                       cementId=1223098755&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                     Fund, etc.      and other related
                                                                                                  0538&announcementTime=2025-04-15
                                                                             issues.
                                                                             To understand the
                                                                                                  https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                  3 persons       business situation
April 11,                     Telephone                                                           ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the                             Institution   from PICC       of the Company
2025                          communication                                                       cementId=1223098757&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                     Pension, etc.   and other related
                                                                                                  0538&announcementTime=2025-04-15
                                                                             issues.
                                                                             To understand the
                                                                                                  https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                  6 persons       business situation
April 14,                                                                                         ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the            Field research   Institution   from CLSA,      of the Company
2025                                                                                              cementId=1223098789&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                     etc.            and other related
                                                                                                  0538&announcementTime=2025-04-15
                                                                             issues.
                                                                             To understand the
                                                             2 persons                            https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                                  business situation
April 16,                     Telephone                      from China                           ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the                             Institution                   of the Company
2025                          communication                  Post Fund,                           cementId=1223146070&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                                     and other related
                                                             etc.                                 0538&announcementTime=2025-04-18
                                                                             issues.
                                                             5 persons
                                                                             To understand the
                                                             from                                 https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                                  business situation
April 17,                     Telephone                      Changsheng                           ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the                             Institution                   of the Company
2025                          communication                  Fund                                 cementId=1223146095&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                                     and other related
                                                             Management,                          0538&announcementTime=2025-04-18
                                                                             issues.
                                                             etc.




                                                                                                                                59
                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                 Discussions and
 Time of        Place of         Mode of        Type of
                                                                 Guests            information        Basic information index of the survey
reception      reception         reception      guests
                                                                                     provided
                                                                                To understand the
                                                                                                     https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                  15 persons         business situation
April 21,                                                                                            ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the            Field research   Institution   from CITIC         of the Company
2025                                                                                                 cementId=1223236234&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                     Securities, etc.   and other related
                                                                                                     0538&announcementTime=2025-04-23
                                                                                issues.
                                                                                To understand the
                                                             1 person from                           https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                                     business situation
May 15,                       Telephone                      Allianz                                 ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the                             Institution                      of the Company
2025                          communication                  Global                                  cementId=1223587747&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                                        and other related
                                                             Investors                               0538&announcementTime=2025-05-19
                                                                                issues.
                                                                                To understand the
                                                                                                     https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                  6 persons          business situation
May 15,                       Telephone                                                              ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the                             Institution   from KS            of the Company
2025                          communication                                                          cementId=1223587795&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                     Fund, etc.         and other related
                                                                                                     0538&announcementTime=2025-05-19
                                                                                issues.
                                                                                To understand the
                                                                                                     https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                                     business situation
May 15,                       Telephone                      1 person from                           ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the                             Institution                      of the Company
2025                          communication                  Citi PWM                                cementId=1223587827&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                                        and other related
                                                                                                     0538&announcementTime=2025-05-19
                                                                                issues.
                                                             Panorama
                                                             Network            To understand the
                              Online                                                                 https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
                                                             hosted an          business situation
May 16,     Panorama          communication                                                          ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
                                               Others        online             of the Company
2025        Network           on network                                                             cementId=1223587829&orgId=gssz000
                                                             earnings           and other related
                              platform                                                               0538&announcementTime=2025-05-19
                                                             conference         issues.
                                                             call
                                                             1 person from
                                                                                To understand the
                                                             Matthews                                https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                                     business situation
May 19,                       Telephone                      International                           ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the                             Institution                      of the Company
2025                          communication                  Capital                                 cementId=1223626004&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                                        and other related
                                                             Management                              0538&announcementTime=2025-05-21
                                                                                issues.
                                                             LLC
                                                             2 persons          To understand the
                                                                                                     https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                  from Orient        business situation
May 19,                       Telephone                                                              ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the                             Institution   Securities         of the Company
2025                          communication                                                          cementId=1223626008&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                     Company            and other related
                                                                                                     0538&announcementTime=2025-05-21
                                                             Limited            issues.
                                                                                To understand the
                                                             3 persons                               https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                                     business situation
June 4,                                                      from                                    ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the            Field research   Institution                      of the Company
2025                                                         Soochow                                 cementId=1223802881&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                                        and other related
                                                             Securities, etc.                        0538&announcementTime=2025-06-06
                                                                                issues.
                                                                                To understand the
                                                                                                     https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                  7 persons          business situation
June 5,                                                                                              ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the            Field research   Institution   from Zhongtai      of the Company
2025                                                                                                 cementId=1223802982&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                     Securities, etc.   and other related
                                                                                                     0538&announcementTime=2025-06-06
                                                                                issues.
                                                                                To understand the
                                                                                                     https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                  5 persons          business situation
June 19,                                                                                             ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the            Field research   Institution   from CITIC         of the Company
2025                                                                                                 cementId=1223955911&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                     Securities, etc.   and other related
                                                                                                     0538&announcementTime=2025-06-23
                                                                                issues.


                                                                                                                                   60
                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                 Discussions and
 Time of        Place of         Mode of        Type of
                                                                 Guests            information        Basic information index of the survey
reception      reception         reception      guests
                                                                                     provided
                                                                                To understand the
                                                             8 persons                               https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
                                                                                business situation
June 20,    Tianjin Yunhe                                    from                                    ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
                              Field research   Institution                      of the Company
2025        Pharmaceutical                                   Changjiang                              cementId=1223973328&orgId=gssz000
                                                                                and other related
                                                             Securities, etc.                        0538&announcementTime=2025-06-24
                                                                                issues.
                                                                                To understand the
                                                                                                     https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                  3 persons          business situation
July 8,                                                                                              ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the            Field research   Institution   from Huaxia        of the Company
2025                                                                                                 cementId=1224130077&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                     Fund, etc.         and other related
                                                                                                     0538&announcementTime=2025-07-10
                                                                                issues.
                                                             4 persons          To understand the
                                                                                                     https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                  from Ping An       business situation
July 9,                                                                                              ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the            Field research   Institution   Fund               of the Company
2025                                                                                                 cementId=1224130086&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                     Management,        and other related
                                                                                                     0538&announcementTime=2025-07-10
                                                             etc.               issues.
                                                             125 persons,
                                                             including          To understand the
                                                                                                     https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                  those from         business situation
September                     Telephone                                                              ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the                             Others        institutional      of the Company
1, 2025                       communication                                                          cementId=1224636174&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                     investors and      and other related
                                                                                                     0538&announcementTime=2025-09-03
                                                             individual         issues.
                                                             investors
                                                             10 persons
                                                                                To understand the
                                                             from                                    https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                                     business situation
September                                                    Shenzhen                                ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the            Field research   Institution                      of the Company
19, 2025                                                     Caifeng                                 cementId=1224676694&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                                        and other related
                                                             Investment                              0538&announcementTime=2025-09-23
                                                                                issues.
                                                             Co., Ltd, etc.
                                                                                To understand the
                                                             4 persons                               https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                                     business situation
November                                                     from CITIC-                             ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the            Field research   Institution                      of the Company
21, 2025                                                     Prudential,                             cementId=1224822924&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                                        and other related
                                                             etc.                                    0538&announcementTime=2025-11-24
                                                                                issues.
                                                                                To understand the
                                                                                                     https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                                     business situation
December                                                     5 individual                            ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the            Field research   Individual                       of the Company
10, 2025                                                     investors                               cementId=1224874220&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                                        and other related
                                                                                                     0538&announcementTime=2025-12-12
                                                                                issues.
                                                             10 persons
                                                                                To understand the
                                                             from Black                              https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                                     business situation
December                                                     Tiger                                   ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the            Field research   Institution                      of the Company
10, 2025                                                     Investment                              cementId=1224874291&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                                        and other related
                                                             Management,                             0538&announcementTime=2025-12-12
                                                                                issues.
                                                             etc.
                                                             15 persons         To understand the
                                                                                                     https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                  from Jiangxi       business situation
December                                                                                             ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the            Field research   Institution   Zhifeng            of the Company
11, 2025                                                                                             cementId=1224874322&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                     Consulting,        and other related
                                                                                                     0538&announcementTime=2025-12-12
                                                             etc.               issues.
                                                             13 persons         To understand the
                                                                                                     https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
            Office building                                  from               business situation
December                                                                                             ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
            at the            Field research   Institution   Shenzhen           of the Company
12, 2025                                                                                             cementId=1224879060&orgId=gssz000
            headquarters                                     Super              and other related
                                                                                                     0538&announcementTime=2025-12-15
                                                             Quantum, etc.      issues.

                                                                                                                                   61
                                                                               2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                Discussions and
 Time of         Place of         Mode of         Type of
                                                                  Guests          information       Basic information index of the survey
reception       reception         reception       guests
                                                                                    provided
                                                               32 persons
                                                                              To understand the
                                                               from                                https://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/disclos
             Office building                                                  business situation
December                                                       Hongsike                            ure/detail?stockCode=000538&announ
             at the            Field research    Institution                  of the Company
12, 2025                                                       Asset                               cementId=1224879078&orgId=gssz000
             headquarters                                                     and other related
                                                               Management,                         0538&announcementTime=2025-12-15
                                                                              issues.
                                                               etc.


     XIII. Development and implementation of market value management system and valuation
     enhancement plan

     Whether the Company has a market value management system in place.
     RYes □No
     Whether the Company has disclosed plans for valuation enhancement.
     □ Yes RNo

            In response to the State Council’s Opinions on Strengthening Supervision and Risk Prevention and Promoting

     High-Quality Development of the Capital Market, which encourage listed companies to establish a market value

     management system, we held the first session of the Tenth Board of Directors for 2025 on March 31, 2025 to

     consider and approve the Market Value Management System of Yunnan Baiyao Group, in a bid to effectively enhance

     the Company’s investment value, standardize market value management behaviors, ensure the compliance,

     scientific rigor and effectiveness of the Company’s market value management activities, and maximize the

     Company’s value and shareholders’ interests. For details, please refer to the system disclosed by the Company at

     www.cninfo.com.cn on the same day.


     XIV. Implementation of the “Enhancement of Quality and Returns” Initiative

     Whether the Company disclosed the “Enhancement of Quality and Returns” Initiative
     RYes □No

            The Company disclosed the Announcement on “Enhancement of Quality and Returns” Initiative on March 9,

     2024 (Announcement No.: 2024-12).

            With established awareness of returning value to shareholders, focusing on its principal businesses, and

     ensuring prudent operations, the Company continues to drive high-quality development while enhancing

     shareholder returns. In April 2025, in active response to the call in the State Council’s Several Opinions on

     Strengthening Supervision, Preventing Risks, and Promoting High-Quality Development of the Capital Market to

     encourage listed companies to establish Market Value Management systems, the Company formulated the Market

     Value Management System of Yunnan Baiyao Group in accordance with the Company Law of the People’s Republic

                                                                                                                                 62
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


of China, the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Listing Rules of Shenzhen Stock Exchange, the

Self-Regulatory Guidelines No. 1 for Companies Listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange - Standardized Operation of

Listed Companies on the Main Board, the Guideline No. 10 on Supervision of Listed Companies - Market Value

Management and the Articles of Association of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

     (I) Constantly improving the quality and efficiency of production and operation

     In 2025, the Company remained firmly committed to its strategic plan, continued to refine its core business,

and leveraged its ever-improving operational management capabilities to navigate external market uncertainties. As

a result, its operating performance grew against the trend, achieving the established goals of “growth, efficiency

enhancement, and value creation.”

     During the reporting period, the Company achieved an operating revenue of RMB 41.187 billion, a 2.88%

increase compared to the same period last year; net profit attributable to the parent company was RMB 5.153 billion,

an 8.51% year-on-year increase from RMB 4.749 billion; and net profit attributable to the parent company after

deducting non-recurring profits and losses was RMB 4.865 billion, a 7.55% increase compared to RMB 4.523 billion

last year, setting a new historical high. Basic earnings per share were RMB 2.89, an increase of 8.65% year-on-year.

The Company’s business structure continued to optimize. The industrial revenue amounted to RMB 16.016 billion,

accounting for 38.89% of the total operating revenue, up 2.75 percentage points year-on-year, with the growth rate

of industrial revenue reaching 10.7%. Since 2023, the proportion of industrial revenue to total operating revenue

has achieved consecutive growth.

     In terms of growth quality, the Company’s net operating cash flow for the reporting period was RMB 4.60

billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.04%; the weighted average return on equity was 13.02%, up 1.03

percentage points year-on-year, marking the highest level in the past five years; and administrative expenses

decreased by 1.68%. The Company invested RMB 423 million in R&D, representing a significant year-on-year

increase of 21.51%. R&D expenditure accounted for 2.64% of industrial revenue, and the Company’s R&D

capabilities continued to improve.

     The Company continued to maintain a healthy asset structure. At the end of the reporting period, the Company

had total assets of RMB 54.269 billion, net assets attributable to the shareholders of the listed company amounted

to RMB 40.044 billion, the asset-liability ratio was 26.02%, and the cash and bank balance stood at RMB 9.108

billion.

     While pursuing high-quality development, we promoted the co-creation and sharing of value between the

Company and its employees, and established an employee-centered incentive system that aligns with business

                                                                                                                    63
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



growth. In terms of compensation distribution, we prioritized core technical and key positions, frontline and

challenging roles, as well as high-level and highly skilled talent in critical and in-demand fields, thereby further

raising employee compensations and fully stimulating organizational vitality. During the reporting period, the

overall compensation for the Company’s entry-level employees increased by double digits year-on-year.

     (II) Enhancing shareholder returns in multiple dimensions

     The Company takes a multi-pronged approach to enhance shareholder satisfaction, including cash dividends

and increasing the frequency of dividend payments.

     During the reporting period, the Company completed the distribution of its 2025 special dividend in September

2025, paying a cash dividend of RMB 10.19 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares, for a total cash dividend amount of RMB

1,818,163,592.46 (tax inclusive). On March 31, 2026, the Company’s second session of the 11th Board of Directors

considered and approved the 2025 dividend plan. Based on the Company’s total issued share capital of

1,784,262,603 shares as of the end of 2025, the plan proposed to distribute a cash dividend of RMB 15.84 (tax

inclusive) per 10 shares to all shareholders, with no bonus shares (tax inclusive). The total amount of this cash

dividend would be RMB 2,826,271,963.15 (tax inclusive). When combined with the special dividend already

distributed in 2025, the proposed cash dividend will be calculated based on the Company’s total issued share capital

of 1,784,262,603 shares as of the end of 2025, resulting in a cumulative cash distribution of RMB 26.02 (tax

inclusive) per 10 shares for 2025. The total cumulative cash dividend amounts to RMB 4,642,651,293.01 (tax

inclusive), representing 90.09% of the Company’s net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company for

2025.

     (III) Continuously improving the information disclosure quality

     The Company consistently adheres to the principles of truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, and

fairness in information disclosure, strictly following applicable laws, regulations, and corporate policies. Actively

engaging with investors, the Company carefully considers their needs and suggestions regarding periodic reports.

The Company discloses annual report data across multiple dimensions, including segments and channels, ensuring

compliance while offering a comprehensive view of its operations and development. Meanwhile, the Company

practically engages in voluntary information disclosure, proactively sharing information that aids investors in value

assessment and decision-making, thereby enhancing the relevance and transparency of disclosures. In addition, the

Company employs various methods to present and interpret periodic reports, including graphics, videos, and

PowerPoint presentations, to communicate information in a clear, engaging, and easy-to-understand manner. As of

the end of the reporting period, Yunnan Baiyao has been awarded the Class A rating in the information disclosure

assessment by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (“SZSE”) for the 18th time.


                                                                                                                    64
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



     (IV) Fully protecting the rights and interests of investors and ensuring smooth communication channels

     The Company has established smooth investor communication channels to effectively safeguard the rights and

interests of investors and continuously improves the effectiveness of positive interaction with investors. During the

reporting period, the Company held a total of two performance briefings, setting a record high in investor

participation. We received investors for a total of 41 times (online and offline), involving more than 200

organizations and more than 500 investors, and survey records were released in a timely manner in accordance with

information disclosure requirements. We responded to 105 inquiries at irm.cninfo.com.cn. Specialized personnel

were assigned to answer investor relations hotline calls in earnest, ensuring the effective operation of the investor

relations hotline. In addition, the Company has scientifically built a professional financial media matrix through

text, video and other forms, and actively engages in multi-channel information dissemination, thus building and

maintaining the Company’s multi-dimensional value in the capital market.

     (V) Exploring and practicing the path of high-quality development

     The Company has a clear strategic plan. For intensive growth, we will focus on the foundational development

of the three key segments, that is pharmaceutical, health and distribution, and systematically explore potential and

enhance efficiency across the industrial chain, value chain, and production factors. For extensive growth, we will,

in line with the overall strategic requirements and orientation, actively explore ways to complement and strengthen

existing industrial segments through strategic mergers and acquisitions, strategic partnerships, and other approaches,

enabling us to rapidly overcome current growth bottlenecks and achieve sustained growth. During the 15th Five-

Year Plan period, the Company will upgrade its “2+3” strategy to a new “3+2” strategy, which will drive the century-

old Baiyao toward becoming a Chinese leading and world-class modern pharmaceutical industry group, achieving

synergistic growth in scale, quality, and structure.
     Creating value, managing value, and realizing value are essential steps in the value enhancement journey for
listed companies. The Company will strictly remain committed to fulfilling its responsibilities and obligations as a
listed company. Through focusing on our principal businesses, continuous innovation, and operational
improvements to enhance our intrinsic value, we aim to promote the healthy and sustainable development of the
Company by continuously exploring and practicing the methodology of high-quality development. We will adhere
to the “investor-oriented” principle, striving to safeguard investors’ rights and interests through various means,
enhance investment returns and bolster investors’ sense of achievement. By effectively implementing the
“Enhancement of Quality and Returns” initiative, we seek to boost market confidence and contribute to the positive
and healthy development of the capital market.




                                                                                                                     65
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



   Section IV                Corporate Governance, Environmental, and Social
                                              Responsibility

I. Basic Information of Corporate Governance

     In strict accordance with the requirements of the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Code of Governance

for Listed Companies, the Rules Governing the Listing of Shares on Shenzhen Stock Exchange, the Self-Regulatory

Guidelines No. 1 for Companies Listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange - Standardized Operation of Listed Companies

on the Main Board, and other laws and regulations, as well as internal rules and regulations, such as the Articles of

Association, the Company keeps improving corporate governance and strengthening the awareness of compliant

operation, and optimizing internal control. By constantly strengthening the learning of the relevant laws and

regulations of listed companies by all directors, senior management, and relevant responsible personnel and

continuously improving their ability to perform their duties, we have continuously improved our governance

capacity, management efficiency and standardized operation, and promoted the high-quality and sustainable

development of the Company. The basic information of the Company’s corporate governance during the reporting

period is as follows:

     1. Shareholders and Shareholders’ Meetings

     The Company protects the rights of shareholders in accordance with the law, paying special attention to

protecting the legitimate rights and interests of minority shareholders, and protects the rights of shareholders to

know and participate in decision-making and supervision of significant events of the Company. The Company held

its 2024 Annual General Meeting on April 21, 2025, its First Extraordinary General Meeting for 2025 on September

15, 2025, and its Second Extraordinary General Meeting for 2025 on November 10, 2025. The convening of the

meetings, the convening procedures, the qualifications of the participants, the qualifications of the convenor, the

voting procedures and the voting results of the meetings complied with the provisions of laws and regulations and

the Articles of Association of the Company, and all the motions were voted on and approved.

     2. Directors and Board of Directors

     On November 10, 2025, the Company convened its second extraordinary general meeting for 2025 to consider

and approve resolutions regarding the election of the new Board of Directors. The following members were elected

to the Company’s 11th Board of Directors: Non-independent Directors: Mr. Zhang Wenxue, Mr. Dong Ming, Mr.

Guo Xin, Mr. You Guanghui, Mr. Xie Yunshan, Mr. Shangguan Changchuan, and Mr. Li Ke; Independent Directors:

                                                                                                                    66
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



Mr. Liu Guo’en, Mr. Na Chaohong, Mr. Hu Mingxing, and Mr. Cao Yangfeng. Following consideration and approval

by the Company’s Fifth Session of the Fifth Employee Representative Assembly, Ms. Yang Fan was elected as an

employee director of the Company’s Board of Directors.

     The number and composition of the Board of Directors of the Company are in compliance with the

requirements of laws and regulations, the professional structure is reasonable, and the directors are fully equipped

with the necessary time and energy, knowledge reserves, professional skills and comprehensive qualities to perform

their duties. The directors abide by the relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of Association, and perform

their duties faithfully, diligently and prudently. The independent directors independently perform their duties

according to laws, fully understand the Company’s operation and the contents of Board meetings, and safeguard the

interests of the Company and all shareholders, paying particular attention to the protection of the legitimate rights

and interests of minority shareholders.

     The Board of Directors earnestly performs the duties prescribed by the relevant laws and regulations and the

Articles of Association, and operates in strict accordance with the Rules of Procedure for the Board of Directors to

ensure the standardized and efficient operation of the Board and prudent and scientific decision-making. The Board

of Directors consists of four special committees on audit, strategy, nomination, remuneration and appraisal, which

are responsible to the Board of Directors and perform their duties in accordance with the Articles of Association and

the working rules of the special committees. During the reporting period, the tenth Board of Directors of the

Company held a total of 7 sessions, the eleventh Board of Directors held 2 sessions, and all the motions were voted

on and approved. All the sessions were convened and held in strict accordance with the Rules of Procedure for the

Board of Directors, all the directors were notified in advance as required, and sufficient meeting materials were

provided. The meeting minutes were true, accurate and complete.

     3. Senior management and operation team

     On February 10, 2026, the Company convened the first session of the 11th Board of Directors in 2026. At this

session, the 11th Board of Directors appointed Mr. Dong Ming as President, and Mr. Li Hongshen, Mr. Li Shengli,

Mr. He Tao, and Mr. Shen Shi as Senior Vice Presidents; Mr. Ma Jia as Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Qian

Yinghui as Board Secretary. The Company appointed senior management in strict accordance with the relevant laws

and regulations and the Articles of Association, performed legal procedures and made timely disclosure.

     The management team has clear responsibilities and strictly implements the resolutions of the general meeting

of shareholders, resolutions of the Board of Directors and other relevant resolutions. The senior management


                                                                                                                    67
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



members abide by the relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of Association, and perform their duties

faithfully, diligently and prudently.

     4. Revision of corporate governance related systems

     During the reporting period, in accordance with the latest provisions of the Securities Law of the People’s

Republic of China, the Measures for the Administration of Independent Directors of Listed Companies, the Rules

Governing the Listing of Shares on Shenzhen Stock Exchange, the Self-Regulatory Guidelines No. 1 for Companies

Listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange - Standardized Operation of Listed Companies on the Main Board, the

Guidelines on Investor Relations Management for Listed Companies, the Rules on the Management of the Shares

Held by Directors and Senior Management of Listed Companies and Their Changes and other laws and regulations

and normative documents, and based on the actual situations of the Company, the Company systematically revised

the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedure for Shareholders’ Meetings, the Rules of Procedure for Board of

Directors Meetings, the Rules of Procedure for Executive Committee Meetings, the Operating Procedures for the

Strategy Committee, the Operating Procedures for the Nomination Committee, the Operating Procedures for the

Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, and the Operating Procedures for the Audit Committee, to further improve

the governance structure of the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company also established the Market Value

Management System, further enhancing its corporate governance standards.

     5. Largest shareholder and listed company

     As of the end of the reporting period, Yunnan State-owned Equity Operation Management Co., Ltd (“State-

owned Equity Management Company”) was the single largest shareholder of the Company, and the Company has

no de facto controller and no controlling shareholders. The above-mentioned largest shareholder shall exercise its

rights as shareholders in accordance with law, fulfill its obligations as shareholders, and earnestly fulfill its

commitments. The largest shareholder of the Company is independent from the Company in terms of personnel,

assets and finance, and has independent institutions and businesses. There are no cases in which the Company’s

funds have been appropriated by the largest shareholder and its subsidiaries or through other means, or the Company

has provided guarantees for the largest shareholder and its subsidiaries in violation of the law. During the reporting

period, the decision-making procedures and information disclosure obligations were strictly fulfilled for the related

party transactions between the Company and the related parties in accordance with relevant regulations, and the

related party transactions had commercial substance and fair pricing.

     6. Information disclosure and transparency


                                                                                                                     68
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



     During the reporting period, the Company and other information disclosure obligators disclosed information

in a true, accurate, complete, timely and fair manner in strict accordance with laws and regulations, self-regulatory

rules and the Articles of Association of the Company, and the disclosures were concise, clear and easy to understand.

The Company’s designated information disclosure media are China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,

Securities Times and http://www.cninfo.com.cn, so that users can quickly and conveniently obtain information of

the Company. Attaching importance to the management of insider information, the Company strictly controls the

scope of persons with knowledge of insider information, registers the information of persons with knowledge of

insider information truthfully, accurately and completely, and reports to the Exchange in a timely manner.

     7. Internal control and regulation system

     The Company has established a sound internal control system. With the form and content in line with the

requirements of the Basic Standard for Enterprise Internal Control, its supplementary guidelines, and other relevant

laws, regulations and normative documents, the internal control self-evaluation can truly and accurately reflect the

implementation status of the Company’s internal controls.

     The Company has, according to the actual situation and management needs, established and improved internal

control to reasonably ensure the legal compliance of operation and management, asset safety, the truth and integrity

of financial reports and related information, improve the operation efficiency and effect, promote the realization of

development strategies, and meet the objectives of internal control. The Company has established a series of internal

control systems for the business and matters included in the scope of internal control evaluation, which have been

implemented in the operation and management activities, effectively preventing and controlling the Company’s

internal business risks in major aspects, and ensuring the safety and integrity of the Company’s assets and the orderly

development of operation and management activities. The internal control systems are reasonable, complete and

effective, and conducive to achieving the strategic objectives of operation and development of the Company. The

Company will constantly improve the internal control system and standardize the implementation of the internal

control system according to the changes of internal and external environment and management requirements, and

based on the guidelines of comprehensive risk management. Through the operation, analysis and evaluation of the

internal control system, we will provide guarantee for the Company’s legal and compliant operation and asset safety,

effectively prevent risks in operation and management, and promote the steady implementation of the Company’s

strategy.

     8. Stakeholders and social responsibilities


                                                                                                                     69
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



     The Company fully respects and safeguards the legitimate rights and interests of stakeholders, with an aim to

realize the coordination and balance of the interests of society, shareholders, the Company, employees and other

parties. Yunnan Baiyao actively fulfills its social responsibilities in terms of environmental protection, disaster relief

and relief assistance, and public welfare, while maintaining the Company’s sustainable development, improving its

operating results and protecting the interests of its shareholders. In 2025, Yunnan Baiyao was again awarded an A

rating in the MSCI-ESG rating for the 5th consecutive year. Based on the corporate attributes of inheritance and

innovation, excellent quality, technology empowerment, co-construction and sharing, social responsibility and

sustainable development, the Company will continue to optimize the governance system and governance level,

constantly upgrade the industrial deployment, adhere to the environmentally friendly development path, and create

long-term sustainable value for the society, the environment and various stakeholders.

     We firmly believe that good corporate governance is the cornerstone and guarantee for the sustainable and

healthy development of enterprises, and standardized operation is the basic requirement for the sustainable and

healthy development of the Company. Insisting on standardized operation in accordance with laws and regulations

and the requirements of the corporate governance system, the Company has continuously improved its governance

capacity and management effectiveness. Thanks to scientific decision-making and sound operation, we effectively

safeguard the interests of the Company and the general investors, and achieve the Company’s high-quality and

sustainable development.



     Whether there were any significant differences between the Company’s actual governance status and laws,

administrative regulations and the rules issued by China Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”) on listed

company governance?

     □ Yes RNo

     There was no significant difference between the Company’s actual governance status and laws, administrative

regulations and the rules issued by CSRC on listed company governance.


II. Details Regarding the Company’s Separation from the Controlling Shareholder and De
Facto Controller across Assets, Personnel, Finance, Institutions, and Business Operations

     State-owned Equity Management Company is the largest shareholder of the Company, and the Company has

no de facto controller and no controlling shareholders. In strict accordance with the requirements of the Company

Law, the Articles of Association and other laws, regulations and rules, the Company and its foregoing largest

                                                                                                                       70
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



shareholder are completely separated in terms of business, personnel, assets, institutions, finance and other aspects.

The Company has an independent and complete business system and the ability to operate independently in the

market. The Company will continue to ensure the separation between the Company and the aforesaid largest

shareholder in terms of personnel, assets, finance, institutions and business operations according to the requirements

of the relevant laws and regulations.

     1. In terms of personnel: The Company operates completely independently in terms of labor, personnel and

wage management system and has developed an independent management system. The directors and senior

management of the Company are lawfully selected and employed in accordance with the Company Law, the Articles

of Association and other relevant laws, regulations and provisions. All senior executives of the Company work in

the Company and receive remuneration. There is no situation in which senior executives hold dual positions in the

Company and the companies of the aforesaid largest shareholder. There is no situation in which finance staff has

cross appointments in related organizations.

     2. In terms of assets: The Company has a clear division of property rights with its largest shareholder, has the

ability to operate independently in the market, and has full control over the production system, supporting facilities,

land use rights and other assets, and there is no situation where the aforesaid largest shareholder occupies or

dominates the assets.

     3. In terms of finance: The Company has established an independent, complete and standardized financial

accounting system and financial management system, as well as the corresponding internal control system and

internal audit system to independently make financial decisions in accordance with the requirements of the

Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises.

     4. In terms of institutions: The Board of Directors and other internal organs of the Company have sound

structure, operate independently, make scientific decisions, and the internal organizations operate independently

from the aforesaid largest shareholder. All the institutions of the Company are set according to the requirements of

listed companies’ norms and the Company’s actual business needs and characteristics. The Company and its largest

shareholder have independent office addresses, and there is no mixed operation and co-office. The aforesaid largest

shareholder exercises its rights and undertakes corresponding obligations according to law.

     5. In terms of business: The Company maintains fully independent business operations, deployment

capabilities, and market-oriented autonomous management. It possesses independent procurement, production, and

sales systems, does not rely on the largest shareholder for profit generation, and has no competitive conflicts of

interest with the majority shareholder or its subsidiaries.
                                                                                                                     71
                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


III. Horizontal Competition

□Applicable RNot applicable




                                                                              72
                                                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


       IV. Directors and Senior Management

       1. Basic information

                                                                                                        Number
                                                                                                                      Increase in      Decrease in                      Number
                                                                                                        of shares
                                                                                                                       number of        number of                       of shares
                                                                     Date of                           held at the                                       Other                       Reasons for
                                                       Service                       Date of end of                  shares held in   shares held in                   held at the
  Name        Gender   Age               Title                   commencement                          beginning                                        changes                      changes in
                                                        status                        service term                    the current      the current                     end of the
                                                                 of service term                         of the                                         (shares)                       shares
                                                                                                                         period           period                         period
                                                                                                         period
                                                                                                                        (shares)         (shares)                       (shares)
                                                                                                        (shares)
                              Secretary of the
 Zhang                                                            February 23,
              Male     63     Company’s Party        Incumbent                     November 10, 2028            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
 Wenxue                                                              2024
                              Committee, Chairman
                              Deputy Secretary of
                              the Company’s Party
Dong Ming     Male     50     Committee, Vice        Incumbent   March 3, 2021     November 10, 2028      13,280                  0                0               0      13,280     N/A
                              Chairman and
                              President
 Guo Xin      Male     55     Director               Incumbent   June 11, 2024     November 10, 2028            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
   You
              Male     55     Director               Incumbent   June 11, 2024     November 10, 2028            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
 Guanghui
                                                                  November 7,
Xie Yunshan   Male     51     Director               Incumbent                     November 10, 2028            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
                                                                     2022
Shangguan
              Male     59     Director               Incumbent   June 11, 2024     November 10, 2028            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
Changchuan
                                                                 November 10,
   Li Ke      Male     32     Director               Incumbent                     November 10, 2028            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
                                                                    2025
Liu Guo’en    Male     69     Independent director   Incumbent   May 25, 2021        May 25, 2027               0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
    Na                                                           November 10,
              Male     48     Independent director   Incumbent                     November 10, 2028            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
 Chaohong                                                           2025
    Hu                                                           November 10,
              Male     50     Independent director   Incumbent                     November 10, 2028            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
 Mingxing                                                           2025


                                                                                                                                                                                     73
                                                                                                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                         Number
                                                                                                                       Increase in      Decrease in                      Number
                                                                                                         of shares
                                                                                                                        number of        number of                       of shares
                                                                     Date of                            held at the                                       Other                       Reasons for
                                                       Service                        Date of end of                  shares held in   shares held in                   held at the
   Name       Gender   Age            Title                      commencement                           beginning                                        changes                      changes in
                                                        status                         service term                    the current      the current                     end of the
                                                                 of service term                          of the                                         (shares)                       shares
                                                                                                                          period           period                         period
                                                                                                          period
                                                                                                                         (shares)         (shares)                       (shares)
                                                                                                         (shares)
   Cao                                                            November 10,
              Male     52    Independent director    Incumbent                      November 10, 2028            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
 Yangfeng                                                             2025
                                                                  November 10,
 Yang Fan     Female   50    Employee director       Incumbent                      November 10, 2028       11,000                 0                0               0       11,000    N/A
                                                                      2025
    Li                                                            February 10,
              Male     47    Senior vice president   Incumbent                      November 10, 2028            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
 Hongshen                                                             2026
                                                                   October 11,
 Li Shengli   Male     53    Senior vice president   Incumbent                      November 10, 2028            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
                                                                      2024
  He Tao      Male     50    Senior vice president   Incumbent   August 26, 2024    November 10, 2028            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A

 Shen Shi     Male     45    Senior vice president   Incumbent   August 26, 2024    November 10, 2028            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A

  Ma Jia      Male     49    CFO                     Incumbent     June 1, 2022     November 10, 2028            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
   Qian
              Male     42    Board Secretary         Incumbent   January 17, 2022   November 10, 2028            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
  Yinghui
                                                                  November 7,
Li Hongshen   Male     47    Former director         Resigned                       November 10, 2025            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
                                                                     2022
                             Former Independent
 Dai Yang     Male     57                            Resigned    August 21, 2019    November 10, 2025            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
                             Director
  Zhang                      Former Independent
              Male     58                            Resigned    August 21, 2019    November 10, 2025            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
 Yongliang                   Director
                             Former Independent                   November 7,
 He Yong      Male     56                            Resigned                       November 10, 2025            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
                             Director                                2022
   Zhu                       TCM Strategic
              Female   72                            Resigned    August 21, 2019    February 10, 2026      56,000                  0                0               0      56,000     N/A
 Zhaoyun                     Scientist
Zhang Ning    Male     55    Chief Scientist         Resigned    January 24, 2022   February 10, 2026            0                 0                0               0            0    N/A
                             Former Chief
Qin Wanmin    Male     62                            Resigned    August 21, 2019     January 26, 2025     504,000                  0                0               0     504,000     N/A
                             Innovation Officer,

                                                                                                                                                                                      74
                                                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                 Number
                                                                                                                               Increase in      Decrease in                      Number
                                                                                                                 of shares
                                                                                                                                number of        number of                       of shares
                                                                           Date of                              held at the                                       Other                       Reasons for
                                                           Service                           Date of end of                   shares held in   shares held in                   held at the
  Name        Gender     Age            Title                          commencement                             beginning                                        changes                      changes in
                                                            status                            service term                     the current      the current                     end of the
                                                                       of service term                            of the                                         (shares)                       shares
                                                                                                                                  period           period                         period
                                                                                                                  period
                                                                                                                                 (shares)         (shares)                       (shares)
                                                                                                                 (shares)
                                Senior Vice President,
                                President of Health
                                Products BG
                                Former Chief
                                Compliance Officer,
Yang Yong      Male      62     Senior Vice President,   Resigned      August 21, 2019      January 26, 2025       101,024                 0                0               0     101,024     N/A
                                Executive Director of
                                Yunnan Pharma
                                Former Secretary of
                                the Commission for
  Li Jin       Male      61     Discipline Inspection    Resigned      August 21, 2019     February 10, 2026        56,000                 0                0               0      56,000     N/A
                                and Chief Quality and
                                Process Officer
  Total         --        --              --                 --               --                   --              741,304                 0                0               0     741,304           --

       Note: On November 10, 2025, Mr. Li Hongshen stepped down as a director of the Company following the renewal of the Board of Directors. On February 10, 2026, the Company convened the
       first session of the 11th Board of Directors in 2026, at which the Proposal on the Appointment of Senior Management was considered and approved. The Board of Directors appointed Mr. Li
       Hongshen as Senior Vice President of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                                                              75
                                                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Whether there was any departure of directors and senior management during the term of office during the reporting period
RYes □No

       On January 28, 2025, the Company disclosed the Announcement Regarding the Retirement of Senior

Management Due to Reaching Retirement Age (Announcement No. 2025-06). Mr. Qin Wanmin, the Company’s

Chief Innovation Officer and Senior Vice President, resigned from his positions as Chief Innovation Officer and

Senior Vice President, as well as from all other positions within the Company and its controlled subsidiaries, as he

reached the statutory retirement age. Mr. Yang Yong, the Company’s Chief Compliance Officer and Senior Vice

President, applied to resign from his positions as Chief Compliance Officer and Senior Vice President, as well as

from all other positions held at the Company and its controlled subsidiaries, as he reached the statutory retirement

age.

       On November 10, 2025, the Company convened its second extraordinary general meeting for 2025, at which

resolutions regarding the election of new board members were considered and approved. Mr. Li Hongshen, a

director of the Company, and independent directors Mr. Dai Yang, Mr. Zhang Yongliang, and Mr. He Yong stepped

down upon the expiration of their terms.

       On February 10, 2026, the Company convened the first session of the 11th Board of Directors in 2026, at which

the Proposal on the Appointment of Senior Management of the Company was considered and approved. Mr. Li Jin,

having reached the statutory retirement age, no longer served as a member of the Company’s senior management

or held any position within the Company or its controlled subsidiaries. On the same day, to accelerate the

development of the Company’s modern R&D system and capabilities, effectively leverage both “TCM” and

“innovative drugs,” promote the deep integration of TCM with modern technology, and inject strategic momentum

into the Company’s long-term sustainable development, the Company’s Executive Committee considered and

approved the appointment of Ms. Zhu Zhaoyun as TCM Strategic Scientist and Mr. Zhang Ning as Chief Scientist.

Changes of directors and senior management of the Company
RApplicable         □Not applicable

       Name                               Position held                            Type                Date                 Reason
                                                                                                                             Change
Li Ke              Director                                                       Elected       November 10, 2025          the term of
                                                                                                                              office
                                                                                                                             Change
Na Chaohong        Independent director                                           Elected       November 10, 2025          the term of
                                                                                                                              office
                                                                                                                             Change
Hu Mingxing        Independent director                                           Elected       November 10, 2025          the term of
                                                                                                                              office
                                                                                                                             Change
Cao Yangfeng       Independent director                                           Elected       November 10, 2025
                                                                                                                           the term of
                                                                                                                                     76
                                                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                         office

                                                                                                                         Change
Yang Fan           Employee director                                             Elected       November 10, 2025       the term of
                                                                                                                          office
                                                                                                                         Change
Li Hongshen        Senior vice president                                        Appointed       February 10, 2026      the term of
                                                                                                                          office
                                                                                 Stepped
                                                                                                                         Change
                                                                                down upon
Dai Yang           Former Independent Director                                                 November 10, 2025       the term of
                                                                                completion
                                                                                                                          office
                                                                                  of term
                                                                                 Stepped
                                                                                                                         Change
Zhang                                                                           down upon
                   Former Independent Director                                                 November 10, 2025       the term of
Yongliang                                                                       completion
                                                                                                                          office
                                                                                  of term
                                                                                 Stepped
                                                                                                                         Change
                                                                                down upon
He Yong            Former Independent Director                                                 November 10, 2025       the term of
                                                                                completion
                                                                                                                          office
                                                                                  of term
                                                                                 Stepped
                                                                                                                         Change
                                                                                down upon
Li Hongshen        Former director                                                             November 10, 2025       the term of
                                                                                completion
                                                                                                                          office
                                                                                  of term
                                                                                 Stepped
                                                                                down upon                                 Job
Zhu Zhaoyun        TCM Strategic Scientist                                                      February 10, 2026
                                                                                completion                              transfer
                                                                                  of term
                                                                                 Stepped
                                                                                down upon                                 Job
Zhang Ning         Chief Scientist                                                              February 10, 2026
                                                                                completion                              transfer
                                                                                  of term
                   Former Chief Innovation Officer, Senior Vice President,
Qin Wanmin                                                                      Resigned        January 26, 2025        Retired
                   President of Health Products BG
                   Former Chief Compliance Officer, Senior Vice President,
Yang Yong                                                                       Resigned        January 26, 2025        Retired
                   Executive Director of Yunnan Pharma
                                                                                 Stepped
                   Former Secretary of the Commission for Discipline            down upon
Li Jin                                                                                          February 10, 2026       Retired
                   Inspection and Chief Quality and Process Officer             completion
                                                                                  of term


2. Appointment

Professional background, main working experience and main duties in the Company of current directors, supervisors, and senior
management of the Company

     Resume of Members of the Board of Directors:

     Zhang Wenxue, male, Han nationality, born in June 1963, a native of Shiping, Yunnan, a member of the

Communist Party of China, holding an on-the-job master’s degree, is a Senior Economist. He was a member of the

Tenth Yunnan Provincial Committee of the Communist Party of China and then a member of the 12th Yunnan

Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference. He has been recognized as a

Model Worker of Yunnan Province (19th Session) and an Outstanding Professional and Technical Talent with
                                                                                                                                  77
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



Significant Contributions in Yunnan Province. He is a recipient of the Second Prize of the State Scientific and

Technological Progress Award, recipient of the “70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People’s Republic of

China” Commemorative Medal and other awards and honorary titles, and was named one of the “Outstanding

Entrepreneurs in China (2021–2022).” In 2024, he was selected for the “Manufacturing Talent Support Program –

Innovative Entrepreneur List by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.” He started to work in July

1984 and served as Deputy General Manager of Yunnan Phosphorus Chemical Industry (Group) Corporation,

General Manager and Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Yunnan Phosphate Chemical Group Co., Ltd,

Secretary of the Party Committee and General Manager of Yunnan Phosphate Chemical Group Co., Ltd, Director,

Deputy General Manager and Standing Committee Member of Party Committee of Yuntianhua Group Co., Ltd,

General Manager, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee and Vice Chairman of Yuntianhua Group Co., Ltd,

Chairman of Chongqing Polycomp International Corporation, Secretary of the Party Committee and Chairman of

Yuntianhua Group Co., Ltd. He is currently Secretary of the Party Committee and Chairman of Yunnan Baiyao.

     Dong Ming, male, Han nationality, born in October 1976, is a member of the Communist Party of China, and

Ph.D. in Management. He served as Vice President of the CIS Regional Department, Director of VIP System

Department, General Manager of Beijing Branch, Director of Mobile System Department, and Vice President for

China of Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. He is currently Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee, Vice Chairman,

President of Yunnan Baiyao.

     Guo Xin, male, Han nationality, born in September 1970, is a member of the Communist Party of China,

holding a bachelor’s degree, and an on-the-job master’s degree, and a professional technical position as an associate

researcher. He served as Manager of Business Development Department of Kunming Zhenhua Pharmaceutical

Factory Co., Ltd, Manager of Human Resources Department of Yunnan Pharmaceutical Industry Co., Ltd, Assistant

General Manager, and Manager of Business Development Department of Kunming Zhenhua Pharmaceutical

Factory Co., Ltd, Manager of Investment Development Department, Assistant General Manager, Manager of

Investment Operation Department, and Director of Administration Department of Yunnan Pharmaceutical Industry

Co., Ltd, Member of Party Committee, Deputy General Manager, Secretary of the Comprehensive Party Branch

and Dean of the Research Institute of Yunnan Plant Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, General Manager of Biomedical

Department of Yunnan Industrial Investment Holding Group Co., Ltd, General Manager of Yunnan Gongtou TCM

Materials and Decoction Pieces Industry Development Co., Ltd, Secretary of the Party Committee and Chairman of

Yunnan Bohao Biotechnology Group Co., Ltd, Secretary of the Party Branch and Chairman of Yunnan Ruibao


                                                                                                                    78
                                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



Biotechnology Co., Ltd. He is currently Full-time Equity Representative of State-owned Equity Management

Company and Director of Yunnan Baiyao.

     You Guanghui, male, Han nationality, born in December 1971, holding a bachelor’s degree, is a Certified

Management Accountant (CMA), Senior Corporate Culture Manager, and Senior Corporate Compliance Manager.

He was Chief Accountant of Fujian Industrial Bank Wuyishan Sub-branch, Chief Accountant and Head of the

Finance Section of Fujian New Huadu Engineering Co., Ltd, Supervisor, Deputy Manager and Manager of the

Planning and Finance Department of Fujian Wuyishan Travel Development Co., Ltd, Supervisor of Xinjiang Kanas

Tourism Development Co., Ltd, Director and Chief Financial Officer of Fujian Wuyishan Travel Development Co.,

Ltd, Chief Financial Officer of Baiyao Holdings, and Chairman of the Supervisory Committee of Yunnan Baiyao.

He is currently Vice President of New Huadu Industrial Group Co., Ltd and Director of Yunnan Baiyao.

     Xie Yunshan, male, Han nationality, born in September 1975, is a member of the Communist Party of China,

a doctor of economics, postdoctoral and Certified Public Accountant. He once worked at the Southwest Management

Headquarters of Xiangcai Securities, the First Secretary of the General Office of the Yunnan Provincial Government,

the Investment Research Institute of Yunnan University of Finance and Economics, the Finance Research Institute

of the People’s Bank of China, Zhonghe Zhengxin Accounting Firm, the Investment Banking Department of Hongta

Securities Co., Ltd, the Investment Banking Department of Dongguan Securities Co., Ltd, and the Investment

Banking Headquarters of Pacific Securities Co., Ltd. He is currently Full-time Equity Representative of State-owned

Equity Management Company and Director of Yunnan Baiyao.

     Shangguan Changchuan, male, Han nationality, born in September 1966, holding an EMBA degree. He

taught in Xianghua School District, Anxi County and served as HR Manager, Purchasing Manager and General

Manager of New Huadu Department Store, General Manager of Quanzhou New Huadu Supercenter Co., Ltd,

Director and Executive Deputy General Manager of New Huadu Supercenter Co., Ltd, and Chairman and General

Manager of New Huadu Supercenter Co., Ltd. He is currently Vice President of New Huadu Industrial Group Co.,

Ltd and Director of Yunnan Baiyao.

     Li Ke, male, Han nationality, born in November 1993, a member of the Communist Party of China, holds a

master’s degree in accounting from the School of Economics at Yunnan University, and is a Certified Public

Accountant and Senior Auditor. He served as an Audit Specialist and a Financial Responsibility Audit Specialist in

the Audit Department of Yunnan Hehe (Group) Co., Ltd, and as Chairman of the Supervisory Committee of Zhuhai

Hongta Renheng Packaging Co., Ltd. He is currently Director of Yunnan Baiyao Group and Deputy Director of the

Legal Affairs Department at Yunnan Hehe (Group) Co., Ltd. He also serves as a supervisor at Yuxi Tongbo Real
                                                                                                                   79
                                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



Estate Development Co., Ltd, FAW-HONGTA Yunnan Automobile Co., Ltd, and Yunnan Yuxi Technology Color-

printing Co., Ltd, as well as a director at Zhuhai S.E.Z. Chengcheng Printing Co., Ltd.

     Liu Guo’en, male, Qiang nationality, born in October 1957, a doctor of economics, is a Special Professor of

Economics Changjiang Scholar of Ministry of Education. He used to teach at the University of Southern California

and the University of North Carolina, and served as President of the “Chinese Economist Society” and President of

the “Asia-Pacific Federation of International Society for Pharmacoeconomics and Outcomes Research.” He is

currently a Distinguished Professor of Liberal Arts of Peking University, Dean of Global Health Development

Institute of Peking University, Member of Faculty of Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, Chair of the Academic

Committee in the Institute of Education Economics of Peking University, Chinese Convener of China-US Track II

Dialogue on Health, Chairman of Pharmacoeconomics Professional Committee of Chinese Pharmaceutical

Association, Independent Director of MicroPort Scientific Corporation, and Independent Director of Yunnan Baiyao.

     Na Chaohong, male, Hui nationality, born in May 1977, holds an Executive Master of Business Administration

(EMBA). He is the Dean of the Graduate School at Yunnan University of Finance and Economics, a professor, a

doctoral advisor, and a National Accounting Leading Talent. He previously served as Deputy Director of the MBA

Center, Assistant to the Dean of the School of Business, Director of the Institute of Financial Management, and

Associate Dean of the School of Accounting at Yunnan University of Finance and Economics. He was an adjunct

researcher at the China Europe International Business School and as a visiting scholar at Aarhus University in

Denmark, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, and the University of Massachusetts; and he held positions as a

broker and investment analyst at a securities firm, general manager of a consulting firm, and served as an external

director expert for provincial-level enterprises in Yunnan Province. He currently serves as a member of the

Management Accounting Professional Committee of the Accounting Society of China, as well as an independent

director of Yunnan Energy Investment Co., Ltd and Yunnan Baiyao Group.

     Hu Mingxing, male, Han nationality, born in November 1975, holds a Ph.D. and an Entrepreneurial MBA

from London Business School. He previously oversaw the healthcare partnerships of University College London

(UCL) with China, served as a healthcare advisor to the Development Research Center of the State Council of China,

and acted as a senior advisor to the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office and the Department of Health and Social

Care. He currently serves as Deputy Dean of the School of Bioengineering at UCL, Head of Academic Partnerships

(Healthcare) for UCL in China, Co-founder and Head of Southeast Asia and Greater China at Academic Health

Solutions, a leading UK healthcare consultancy, as well as an international medical expert at the Shenzhen Hospital


                                                                                                                   80
                                                                  2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



of the Cancer Hospital of the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, an international medical expert at CGN

Medical Technology Co., Ltd, and an independent director of Yunnan Baiyao Group.

    Cao Yangfeng, male, Han nationality, born in May 1973, holds a Ph.D. from Copenhagen Business School

and a Ph.D. from Renmin University of China. He completed a postdoctoral fellowship in Business Administration

at the Guanghua School of Management, Peking University; and served as a visiting scholar at Stanford University.

He previously served as an independent director of Kingdee International Software Group Co., Ltd and an

independent director and chairman of the Remuneration Committee of Wens Food Group Co., Ltd. He currently

serves as Professor of Management Practice at the Guanghua School of Management, Peking University; Dean of

the Hong Kong Institute of Business Model Innovation; Distinguished Professor at the School of Business, City

University of Hong Kong; Director, Chair of the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee of JA Solar

Technology Co., Ltd; and Independent Director of Yunnan Baiyao Group.

    Yang Fan, female, born in March 1975, a member of the Communist Party of China, graduated with a Master

of Business Administration (MBA) from the Department of Business Administration at Shanghai University of

Finance and Economics, and began her career in September 1999. She currently serves as an employee director, a

member of the Discipline Inspection Commission, and the Director of the Administrative Office at Yunnan Baiyao

Group.

    Senior management:

    Li Hongshen, male, Han nationality, born in August 1978, a native of Kunming, Yunnan, a member of the

Communist Party of China, a doctor of economics, and an engineer. He was a delegate to the 12th Yunnan Provincial

People’s Congress and served as Foreign Exchange Trader at Kunming Branch; Assistant Branch Manager at

Renmin Middle Road Branch, Vice President (presiding over work) of Chuncheng Road Sub-branch, and General

Manager of International Business Department of Kunming Branch of China Merchants Bank, Factory Director

Assistant, Deputy Factory Director, Member of the Party Committee, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee and

Factory Director of Qujing Cigarette Factory, Vice President, Member of the Party Committee, and Deputy General

Manager of Hongyun Honghe Tobacco (Group) Co., Ltd, Member of the Party Committee, Deputy Secretary of the

Party Committee and Factory Director of Kunming Cigarette Factory, Director of Hongta Securities Co., Ltd,

Director of Yunnan Baiyao Group, Vice Chairman of KPC Pharmaceuticals, Inc, Director of Yunnan Hongta Bank

Co., Ltd, Member of the Party Committee, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee, Director and General Manager

of Yunnan Hehe (Group) Co., Ltd, and Director of Zhongwei Capital Holdings Co., Ltd. He is currently Senior Vice

President of Yunnan Baiyao.
                                                                                                                  81
                                                                 2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



    Li Shengli, male, Han nationality, born in January 1973, holding a master’s degree. He served as District

Manager, Regional Manager, Sales Director, General Manager, Vice President, Senior Vice President, and Co-CEO

of Fosun Wanbang (Jiangsu) Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd (formerly Jiangsu Wanbang Biochemical

Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd), General Manager of Biochemical Oncology Division, President, CEO, and Chairman of

Fosun Wanbang (Jiangsu) Health Development Co., Ltd (formerly Jiangsu Wanbang Pharmaceutical Marketing Co.,

Ltd), Vice President and General Manager of Chinese Marketing Headquarters, Senior Vice President of Shanghai

Fosun Pharmaceutical Industry Development Co., Ltd, Co-President, President and Chairman of Fosun Yaohong

(Jiangsu) Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd (formerly Jiangsu Fosun Pharmaceutical Sales Co., Ltd), Assistant

President, Vice President, Senior Vice President, Executive President and Chief Development Officer of Shanghai

Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd, and President, CEO and Co-Chairman of Shanghai Fosun Health

Technology (Group) Co., Ltd. He is currently Senior Vice President of Yunnan Baiyao.

    He Tao, male, Han nationality, born in December 1975, holding a master’s degree, is a Member of the

Communist Party of China, Senior Accountant, Certified Management Accountant (CMA), expert awarded Yunnan

Provincial Government Special Allowance, Member of Yunnan Provincial Senior (Deputy Senior) Accountant

Professional Title Review Committee, expert in Research-Based Audit Think Tank of Yunnan Provincial Audit

Office, Executive Director of the 6th Council of China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, and Member of the

Expert Committee of the Modern Supply Chain Research Institute of China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing.

He served as Deputy General Manager of Finance Department (presiding over the work) and General Manager of

Marketing Department of China Telecom Group Yunnan Branch, Secretary of the Party Committee and General

Manager of China Telecom Group Yuxi Branch, Director and Deputy General Manager of Yunnan Yuntianhua Co.,

Ltd, and Secretary of the Party Committee and General Manager of Yunnan Yuntianhua United Business Co., Ltd.

He is currently a Member of the Party Committee and Senior Vice President of Yunnan Baiyao.

    Shen Shi, male, Han nationality, born in December 1980, holding a master’s degree. He served as an

automation engineer of Liaoyang Spring Factory, a subsidiary of China’s FAW Group Co., Ltd, R&D Engineer and

Capacity Expansion Project Manager of Midea Group Co., Ltd, Consulting Manager of Guangzhou Kaipule

Enterprise Management Consulting Co., Ltd, Consulting Director of Beijing Zhenglue Junce Consulting Group Co.,

Ltd, Consulting Manager of Mercer, Consulting Director of Aon Hewitt Consulting Co., Ltd, Human Resources

Expert of Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd, Head of Organizational Development at Midea Group Co., Ltd, and

Director of Management Department at Servotronix Motion Control Company, a subsidiary of Midea Group Co.,

Ltd. He is currently Senior Vice President of Yunnan Baiyao.
                                                                                                                 82
                                                                                  2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



          Ma Jia, male, Han nationality, born in March 1977, holding a master’s degree, a member of the Communist

   Party of China. He served as Director of Financial Management Department of Beijing Panasonic Lighting Co., Ltd,

   Financial Director of CIS Regional subsidiary of Huawei Technologies, IFS Transformation Project Manager

   (China), CFO of Shandong Representative Office, CFO of China Operator BG, CFO of China Region, responsible

   for Huawei’s ICT operation management, risk control, sales and financing, taxation, subsidiaries and other financial

   businesses, as well as financial organization construction in China. He is currently CFO of Yunnan Baiyao.

          Qian Yinghui, male, Han nationality, born in September 1983, is a master of law and a member of the

   Communist Party of China. He served as Project Manager of the Strategy Committee Office of Yunnan Baiyao and

   Project Director of the Strategy Development Center of Yunnan Baiyao, Director of the Board Office and General

   Manager of the Board and Administrative Office at Yunnan Baiyao Group. He is currently Secretary of the Board

   of Directors of Yunnan Baiyao.

   Cases where the controlling shareholder and actual controller simultaneously serve as the chairman and general manager of the listed
   company
   □Applicable      RNot applicable
   Engagement in shareholding companies
   RApplicable       □Not applicable
                                                                                                                            Whether to
                                                                                                             Date of          receive
                                                             Position held in            Date of
                                                                                                             end of     remuneration and
Name of person        Name of shareholding company            shareholding           commencement of
                                                                                                             service     allowances from
                                                                company                service term
                                                                                                              term       the shareholding
                                                                                                                             company
                   Yunnan State-owned Equity               Full-time Equity
Guo Xin                                                                                                                 Yes
                   Operation Management Co., Ltd.          Representative
                   Yunnan State-owned Equity               Full-time Equity
Xie Yunshan                                                                                                             Yes
                   Operation Management Co., Ltd.          Representative
                   New Huadu Industrial Group Co.,
You Guanghui                                               Vice President           October 20, 2025                    Yes
                   Ltd.
Shangguan          New Huadu Industrial Group Co.,
                                                           Vice President           October 1, 2019                     Yes
Changchuan         Ltd.
                                                           Deputy Director of
Li Ke              Yunnan Hehe (Group) Co., Ltd.           the Legal Affairs        February 1, 2024                    Yes
                                                           Department
   Position at other entities
   RApplicable           □Not applicable
                                                                                                                               Whether to
                                                                                 Date of                                         receive
 Name of                                        Position held in other                                 Date of end of
                   Name of other entity                                      commencement of                               remuneration and
  person                                                entity                                          service term
                                                                               service term                                 allowances from
                                                                                                                             the other entity
 Zhang         Shanghai Pharmaceuticals
                                              Non-executive Director        June 28, 2024                                 No
 Wenxue        Holding Co., Ltd.
 Dong          Shanghai Pharmaceuticals
                                              Executive Director            June 29, 2023                                 No
 Ming          Holding Co., Ltd.
 Liu
               Peking University              Professor                     January 1, 2006                               Yes
 Guo’en
 Liu           MicroPort Scientific
                                              Independent Director          September 3, 2010                             Yes
 Guo’en        Corporation
                                                                                                                                       83
                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Na            Yunnan University of Finance
                                              Dean                       July 1, 2009                                   Yes
Chaohong      and Economics
Na            Yunnan Energy Investment
                                              Independent Director       December 15, 2020                              Yes
Chaohong      Co., Ltd.
                                              Deputy Dean of the
                                              School of
                                              Bioengineering at UCL,
Hu            University College London
                                              Head of Academic           December 1, 2012                               Yes
Mingxing      (UCL)
                                              Partnerships
                                              (Healthcare) for UCL in
                                              China
                                              Co-founder and Head of
Hu            Academic Health Solutions
                                              Southeast Asia and         June 1, 2016                                   Yes
Mingxing      (AHS)
                                              Greater China
              Shenzhen Hospital of the
Hu            Cancer Hospital of the          International medical
                                                                         August 1, 2018                                 Yes
Mingxing      Chinese Academy of Medical      expert
              Sciences
Hu            CGN Medical Technology          International medical
                                                                         October 1, 2020                                Yes
Mingxing      Co., Ltd.                       expert
Cao           Hong Kong Institute of
                                              Dean                       January 1, 2024                                Yes
Yangfeng      Business Model Innovation
                                              Director, Chair of the
                                              Strategy and
Cao
              JA Solar Technology Co., Ltd    Sustainable                December 5, 2019                               Yes
Yangfeng
                                              Development
                                              Committee
              Shanghai Pharmaceuticals
Ma Jia                                        Supervisor                 June 29, 2023             December 9, 2025     No
              Holding Co., Ltd.
Explanation on positions at other entities    None.

   Penalties to the current directors and senior management of the Company and those leaving office during the reporting period by
   securities regulatory agencies in the latest three years
   □Applicable RNot applicable


   3. Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management

   Decision-making procedures, determination basis and actual payment of remuneration for directors and senior management
                                                            The Remuneration Management Committee shall submit the proposal to the
   Decision-making procedures of remuneration of
                                                            board of directors and shareholders’ meeting for consideration and approval
   directors and senior management
                                                            prior to implementation.
   Basis for determination of the remuneration of directors Remuneration shall be determined based on operating conditions, industry
   and senior management                                    standard, responsibilities assumed, and other relevant factors.
   Actual payment of remuneration of directors and senior Allowances for directors will be paid monthly, while those for senior
   management                                               management will be paid based on established assessment standards.
                                                            The remuneration received by directors and senior management of the
   Composition of remuneration of directors and senior
                                                            Company in 2025 includes a basic salary, performance bonus, allowances,
   management
                                                            and other cash income.



   Remuneration for directors and senior management during the reporting period
                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB0’000

                                                                                                                            Whether
                                                                                                       Total pre-tax     remuneration
                                                                                         Service      remunerations      was received
         Name        Gender      Age                       Title
                                                                                          status      received from       from related
                                                                                                       the Company       parties of the
                                                                                                                            Company

                                                                                                                                     84
                                                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


   Zhang                            Secretary of the Company’s Party
                 Male          63                                                  Incumbent                    0   Yes
   Wenxue                           Committee, Chairman
   Dong                             Deputy Secretary of the Company’s Party
                 Male          50                                                  Incumbent              425.34    No
   Ming                             Committee, Vice Chairman and President
   Guo Xin       Male          55   Director                                       Incumbent                3.52    Yes
   You
                 Male          55   Director                                       Incumbent              116.34    Yes
   Guanghui
   Xie
                 Male          51   Director                                       Incumbent                3.52    Yes
   Yunshan
   Shangguan
   Changchu      Male          59   Director                                       Incumbent              113.34    Yes
   an
   Li Ke         Male          32   Director                                       Incumbent                    0   Yes

   Yang Fan      Female        50   Employee director                              Incumbent               18.49    No
   Liu
                 Male          69   Independent director                           Incumbent               25.71    No
   Guo’en
   Na
                 Male          48   Independent director                           Incumbent                4.29    No
   Chaohong
   Hu
                 Male          50   Independent director                           Incumbent                4.29    No
   Mingxing
   Cao
                 Male          52   Independent director                           Incumbent                4.29    No
   Yangfeng
   Li Shengli    Male          53   Senior vice president                          Incumbent                 364    No

   He Tao        Male          50   Senior vice president                          Incumbent                 184    No

   Shen Shi      Male          45   Senior vice president                          Incumbent                 184    No

   Ma Jia        Male          49   CFO                                            Incumbent                 184    No
   Qian
                 Male          42   Board Secretary                                Incumbent              112.09    No
   Yinghui
   Dai Yang      Male          57   Former Independent Director                    Resigned                21.43    No
   Zhang
                 Male          58   Former Independent Director                    Resigned                21.43    No
   Yongliang
   He Yong       Male          56   Former Independent Director                    Resigned                21.43    No
   Li
                 Male          47   Former director                                Resigned                     0   Yes
   Hongshen
   Zhu
                 Female        72   TCM Strategic Scientist                        Resigned               180.97    No
   Zhaoyun
   Zhang
                 Male          55   Chief Scientist                                Resigned               360.91    No
   Ning
                                    Former Chief Innovation Officer, Senior
   Qin
                 Male          62   Vice President, President of Health            Resigned                     0   No
   Wanmin
                                    Products BG
                                    Former Chief Compliance Officer, Former
   Yang Yong     Male          62                                                  Resigned                30.31    No
                                    Senior Vice President
   Li Jin        Male          61   Chief Quality and Process Officer              Resigned               113.69    No

   Total            --        --                            --                         --               2,497.39           --

     Note: In accordance with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange’s guidelines for preparing annual reports, the disclosure of annual
compensation amounts refers to the annual cash compensation attributable to the current reporting period on an accrual basis. During
the reporting period, the total pre-tax compensation received by directors and senior management from the Company consisted of base

                                                                                                                                 85
                                                                                 2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


 pay for fiscal year 2025, including base salary, position allowances, and other subsidies. In accordance with the Company’s relevant
 policies, the 2025 short-term incentive allocation plan will be implemented after the annual report is disclosed, the annual performance
 evaluation is completed, and the necessary procedures are fulfilled.

                                            In accordance with the relevant provisions of the Management Measures for the
                                            Compensation and Performance Evaluation of Key Personnel, Including Directors and
    Basis for evaluating the actual
                                            Supervisors, the Management Measures for the Allowances of Independent Directors of
    compensation received by all
                                            Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd, and the Management Measures for the Compensation and
    directors and senior management at
                                            Performance Evaluation of Senior Management, short-term incentives are directly linked to
    the end of the reporting period
                                            annual operating performance and the achievement of individual annual target responsibility
                                            agreements.
    Status of performance evaluation for
    all directors and senior management     In accordance with the Company’s performance evaluation policies and taking into account
    regarding actual compensation           its operating conditions, the annual performance evaluation will be completed in accordance
    received as at the end of the           with the annual evaluation plan following the disclosure of the annual report.
    reporting period
                                            In accordance with the Compensation Management System for Directors and Senior
    Deferred payment arrangements for
                                            Management of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd, the Company has established a deferred
    the actual compensation received by
                                            compensation mechanism for performance-based pay. The specific deferral percentage and
    all directors and senior management
                                            period are determined by the Board’s Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and
    at the end of the reporting period
                                            implemented after approval by the relevant decision-making bodies.
    Status of the suspension and
    recourse for actual compensation        In accordance with the provisions of Chapter 5 of the Compensation Management System
    received by all directors and senior    for Directors and Senior Management of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd, the Company has
    management as at the end of the         established a mechanism for the suspension and recourse of compensation.
    reporting period


 Other explanations
 □Applicable RNot applicable


 V. Duty Performance of Directors during the Reporting Period

 1. Directors’ Attendance at Board Meetings and Shareholders’ Meetings

                                 Directors’ Attendance at Board Meetings and Shareholders’ Meetings
                 Number of
                   Board
                                  Number of                             Number of
                meetings that                       Number of                         Number                                 Number of
                                     Board                                 Board                    Failed to attend two
 Name of         should be                        Board meetings                      of Board                              shareholders’
                                   meetings                              meetings                    consecutive Board
 director         attended                         attended via                       meetings                                meetings
                                  attended on                           attended by                 meetings in person?
                 during the                       teleconference                       missed                                 attended
                                      site                                 proxy
                 Reporting
                   Period
Zhang
                             9               4                   5                0            0    No                                      3
Wenxue
Dong Ming                    9               4                   5                0            0    No                                      3
Guo Xin                      9               4                   5                0            0    No                                      3
You
                             9               4                   5                0            0    No                                      3
Guanghui
Xie
                             9               4                   5                0            0    No                                      3
Yunshan
Shangguan
                             9               4                   5                0            0    No                                      3
Changchuan
Li Ke                        2               1                   1                0            0    No                                      1

                                                                                                                                      86
                                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Liu Guo’en                  9               3                   6              0             0   No                                 3
Na
                            2               1                   1              0             0   No                                 1
Chaohong
Hu
                            2               1                   1              0             0   No                                 1
Mingxing
Cao
                            2               1                   1              0             0   No                                 1
Yangfeng
Yang Fan                    1               0                   1              0             0   No                                 1
Li
                            7               2                   5              0             0   No                                 2
Hongshen
Dai Yang                    7               2                   5              0             0   No                                 2
Zhang
                            7               1                   6              0             0   No                                 2
Yongliang
He Yong                     7               2                   5              0             0   No                                 2

 Explanation on two consecutive absences from Board meetings: Not applicable.


 2. Objections raised by directors to relevant matters of the Company

 Did directors object to relevant matters of the Company?
 □ Yes RNo
 During the reporting period, the directors raised no objections to any matters concerning the Company.


 3. Other circumstances in the performance of duties by directors

 Was advice to the Company from directors adopted?
 RYes □No
 Explanation on whether advice to the Company from directors was adopted or not

      During the reporting period, in strict accordance with the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Code of

 Corporate Governance for Listed Companies, the Several Provisions on Strengthening the Protection of the Rights

 and Interests of Shareholders of Public Shares and other laws, regulations and normative documents, as well as the

 Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedure for the Board of Directors and other relevant requirements, all the

 members of the 10th Board of Directors of the Company, honoring the principles of integrity, faithfulness and

 diligence, and abiding by the code of conduct for the performance of duties as a director, attended the Board

 meetings and the general meetings of shareholders in earnest, actively understanding the operation of the Company

 and fully expressing our opinions, and carefully, independently and objectively considering 45 motions, including

 the revision of the Company’s corporate governance documents, organizational structure, related party transactions,

 and misappropriation of funds. They carefully understood the contents for consideration during the Board meetings

 and expressed corresponding opinions and suggestions, which have played a positive role in promoting the Board

 of Directors to make strategic decisions that are more in line with the development of the Company and more

 scientific and reasonable, and have effectively safeguarded the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and

 all the shareholders, in particular the minority shareholders. All members of the 11th Board of Directors conducted
                                                                                                                              87
                                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



a thorough, independent, and objective review of five resolutions, including the election of the Company’s Chairman

and Vice Chairman, the election of members to specialized committees, related-party transactions, and investment

and wealth management. During the Board meeting, they carefully examined the matters under review and offered

corresponding opinions and recommendations. Their efforts played a positive role in enabling the Board of Directors

to make strategic decisions that are more aligned with the Company’s development and more scientifically sound

and reasonable, thereby effectively safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and all

shareholders, particularly minority shareholders.




                                                                                                                   88
                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



       VI. Performance of Special Committees under the Board of Directors during the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                                     Important           Other         Particulars
 Name of                   Number of       Date of                                                                                                 opinions and     circumstances in        of
              Members                                                                     Agenda of meeting
Committee                  Meetings      convention                                                                                              recommendations    the performance    objections
                                                                                                                                                     proposed           of duties       (if any)
            Zhang
                                                         (I) The first meeting of Strategy Committee of the Tenth Board of Directors for 2025
            Wenxue,
                                                         1. Proposal on the Authorized Decision-Making Plan of the Board in 2025
            Dong Ming,
Strategy                                                 2. Proposal on Formulation of Market Value Management System of Yunnan Baiyao
            Guo Xin, You           6   March 28, 2025                                                                                            None              None                None
Committee                                                3. Proposal on Establishing a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary
            Guanghui, Li
                                                         4. Proposal on the TCM Industrial and Cultural Park Project of Yunnan Baiyao
            Hongshen,
                                                         Result: 6 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
            Liu Guo’en
            Zhang                                        (II) The second meeting of Strategy Committee of the Tenth Board of Directors for
            Wenxue,                                      2025
            Dong Ming,                                   1. Proposal on the Construction Project for the Decoction Pieces Production Center in
Strategy
            Guo Xin, You           6   June 25, 2025     the Qidian Industrial Zone                                                              None              None                None
Committee
            Guanghui, Li                                 2. Proposal on Adjusting the Product Mix Within the Investment and Wealth
            Hongshen,                                    Management Budget of the Company for 2025
            Liu Guo’en                                   Result: 6 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
            Zhang                                        (III) The third meeting of Strategy Committee of the Tenth Board of Directors for
            Wenxue,                                      2025
            Dong Ming,                                   1. Proposal on Capital Increases for Pu’er Liangbao Biotechnology Co., Ltd and
Strategy
            Guo Xin, You           6   August 15, 2025   Pu’er Liangpin Yikang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                          None              None                None
Committee
            Guanghui, Li                                 2. Proposal on the Wholly-Owned Acquisition of Anguo Juyaotang Pharmaceutical
            Hongshen,                                    Co., Ltd.
            Liu Guo’en                                   Result: 6 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
            Zhang
                                                         (IV) The fourth meeting of Strategy Committee of the Tenth Board of Directors for
            Wenxue,
                                                         2025
            Dong Ming,
Strategy                                                 1. Proposal on the Second Phase of the Public-Private Partnership Project at the
            Guo Xin, You           6   August 27, 2025                                                                                           None              None                None
Committee                                                Lijiang Eco-Technology Industrial Park (Phase II) and the Supporting Project for the
            Guanghui, Li
                                                         Relocation of Lijiang Company’s Food and Health Products Operations
            Hongshen,
                                                         Result: 6 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
            Liu Guo’en



                                                                                                                                                                                       89
                                                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                                 Important             Other         Particulars
 Name of                    Number of       Date of                                                                                            opinions and       circumstances in        of
               Members                                                                 Agenda of meeting
Committee                   Meetings      convention                                                                                         recommendations      the performance    objections
                                                                                                                                                 proposed             of duties       (if any)
             Zhang
             Wenxue,                                   (V) The first meeting of Strategy Committee of the Eleventh Board of Directors for
             Dong Ming,                                2025
Strategy                                November 10,
             Guo Xin, You           6                  1. Proposal on the Election of the Chairperson of the Strategy Committee of the       None                None                None
Committee                               2025
             Guanghui, Li                              eleventh Board of Directors
             Ke, Hu                                    Result: 6 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
             Mingxing
             Zhang
             Wenxue,                                   (VI) The second meeting of Strategy Committee of the Eleventh Board of Directors
             Dong Ming,                                for 2025
Strategy                                December 29,
             Guo Xin, You           6                  1. Proposal on Utilizing Self-owned Idle Funds for Investment and Wealth              None                None                None
Committee                               2025
             Guanghui, Li                              Management in 2026
             Ke, Hu                                    Result: 6 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
             Mingxing
                                                       (I) The first meeting of Nomination Committee of the Tenth Board of Directors for
             Dai Yang,                                 2025
             Zhang                                     1. Proposal on the Election of Non-Independent Directors to the Eleventh Board of
Nomination                              October 23,
             Wenxue,                3                  Directors                                                                             None                None                None
Committee                               2025
             Zhang                                     2. Proposal on the Election of Independent Directors to the Eleventh Board of
             Yongliang                                 Directors
                                                       Result: 3 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
             Liu Guoen,
                                                       (II) The first meeting of Nomination Committee of the Eleventh Board of Directors
             Zhang
                                                       for 2025
Nomination   Wenxue, Xie                November 10,
                                    3                  1. Proposal on the Election of the Chairperson of the Nomination Committee of the     None                None                None
Committee    Yunsan, Na                 2025
                                                       eleventh Board of Directors
             Chaohong, Hu
                                                       Result: 5 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
             Mingxing
             Liu Guoen,
             Zhang                                     (II) The second meeting of Nomination Committee of the Eleventh Board of
Nomination   Wenxue, Xie                December 26,   Directors for 2025
                                    3                                                                                                        None                None                None
Committee    Yunsan, Na                 2025           1. Proposal on Appointment of Senior Management
             Chaohong, Hu                              Result: 5 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
             Mingxing
                                                                                                                                                                                     90
                                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                                    Important             Other         Particulars
 Name of                    Number of       Date of                                                                                               opinions and       circumstances in        of
               Members                                                                    Agenda of meeting
Committee                   Meetings      convention                                                                                            recommendations      the performance    objections
                                                                                                                                                    proposed             of duties       (if any)
                                                         (I) The first meeting of Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Tenth Board
                                                         of Directors for 2025
             Zhang
Remunerati                                               1. Proposals on 2024 Short-term Incentive and Provision for Incentive Fund
             Yongliang,
on and                                                   2. Proposal on Confirming the 2024 Compensation Packages for Directors and
             Dai Yang,              3   March 28, 2025                                                                                          None                None                None
Appraisal                                                Supervisors of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
             Shangguan
Committee                                                3. Proposal on Confirming the 2024 Compensation Packages for Senior Management
             Changchuan
                                                         of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
                                                         Result: 3 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
                                                         (II) The second meeting of Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Tenth
             Zhang                                       Board of Directors for 2025
Remunerati
             Yongliang,                                  1. Proposal on the Implementation of Short-Term Incentive Distribution for
on and
             Dai Yang,              3   July 25, 2025    Directors, Supervisors in 2024                                                         None                None                None
Appraisal
             Shangguan                                   2. Proposal on the Implementation of Short-Term Incentive Distribution for Senior
Committee
             Changchuan                                  Management in 2024
                                                         Result: 3 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
             Cao
             Yangfeng,                                   (III) The first meeting of Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Eleventh
Remunerati
             Guo Xin,                                    Board of Directors for 2025
on and                                  November 10,
             Shangguan              3                    1. Proposal on the Election of the Chairperson of the Remuneration and Appraisal       None                None                None
Appraisal                               2025
             Changchuan,                                 Committee of the Eleventh Board of Directors
Committee
             Liu Guoen,                                  Result: 5 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
             Hu Mingxing
                                                         (I) The first meeting of Audit Committee of the Tenth Board of Directors for 2025
             He Yong, Xie                                1. Summary of the 2024 Internal Audit Work and 2025 Internal Audit Work Plan of
Audit        Yunshan,                                    the Company
                                   10   March 14, 2025                                                                                          None                None                None
Committee    Zhang                                       2. Preliminary audit opinion on the 2024 annual report issued by a certified public
             Yongliang                                   accountant
                                                         Result: 3 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained




                                                                                                                                                                                        91
                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                                   Important            Other         Particulars
 Name of                   Number of       Date of                                                                                               opinions and      circumstances in        of
              Members                                                                   Agenda of meeting
Committee                  Meetings      convention                                                                                            recommendations     the performance    objections
                                                                                                                                                   proposed            of duties       (if any)
                                                        (II) The second meeting of Audit Committee of the Tenth Board of Directors for 2025
                                                        1. Proposal on 2024 Annual Report and its summary
                                                        2. Proposal on Annual Final Account Report for 2024
                                                        3. Proposal on the special audit report of the accounting firm on the summary of the
                                                        non-operational funds occupied by the related parties and the transactions of other
            He Yong, Xie
                                                        related funds
Audit       Yunshan,
                                  10   March 28, 2025   4. Proposal on 2024 Profit Distribution Plan                                           None               None                None
Committee   Zhang
                                                        5. Proposal on Estimation of the Daily Related Party Transactions in 2025
            Yongliang
                                                        6. Proposal on Report on the Company’s Financial Budget for 2025
                                                        7. Proposal on Self-Evaluation Report on the Company’s Internal Control for 2024
                                                        8. Proposal on paying the audit fees (including internal control audit) of Mazars
                                                        Certified Public Accountants LLP in 2024
                                                        Result: 3 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
            He Yong, Xie
                                                        (III) The third meeting of Audit Committee of the Tenth Board of Directors for 2025
Audit       Yunshan,
                                  10   April 25, 2025   1. Proposal on the Report of the First Quarter in 2025                                 None               None                None
Committee   Zhang
                                                        Result: 3 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
            Yongliang
            He Yong, Xie                                (IV) The fourth meeting of Audit Committee of the Tenth Board of Directors for 2025
Audit       Yunshan,                                    1. Implementation Plan for the Selection of an Audit Firm for the Annual Report of
                                  10   July 11, 2025                                                                                           None               None                None
Committee   Zhang                                       Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
            Yongliang                                   Result: 3 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
            He Yong, Xie                                (V) The fifth meeting of Audit Committee of the Tenth Board of Directors for 2025
Audit       Yunshan,                                    1. Proposal on Changing the Company’s Audit Firm for Fiscal Year 2025 (Including
                                  10   August 8, 2025                                                                                          None               None                None
Committee   Zhang                                       Internal Control Audit)
            Yongliang                                   Result: 3 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
            He Yong, Xie                                (VI) The sixth meeting of Audit Committee of the Tenth Board of Directors for 2025
Audit       Yunshan,                   August 26,       1. Proposal on 2025 Interim Report and its summary
                                  10                                                                                                           None               None                None
Committee   Zhang                      2025             2. Proposal on the 2025 Special Dividend Plan
            Yongliang                                   Result: 3 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
            He Yong, Xie                                (VII) The seventh meeting of Audit Committee of the Tenth Board of Directors for
Audit       Yunshan,                   October 29,      2025
                                  10                                                                                                           None               None                None
Committee   Zhang                      2025             1. Proposal on the Report of the Third Quarter in 2025
            Yongliang                                   Result: 3 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
                                                                                                                                                                                      92
                                                                                                                                               2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                                            Important             Other         Particulars
 Name of                        Number of          Date of                                                                                                opinions and       circumstances in        of
                Members                                                                             Agenda of meeting
Committee                       Meetings         convention                                                                                             recommendations      the performance    objections
                                                                                                                                                            proposed             of duties       (if any)
             Na Chaohong,
                                                                  (VIII) The first meeting of Audit Committee of the Eleventh Board of Directors for
             You
                                                                  2025
Audit        Guanghui, Xie                     November 10,
                                         10                       1. Proposal on the Election of the Chairperson of the Audit Committee of the          None                None                None
Committee    Yunsan, Liu                       2025
                                                                  Eleventh Board of Directors
             Guo’en, Cao
                                                                  Result: 5 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
             Yangfeng
             Na Chaohong,
             You                                                  (IX) The second meeting of Audit Committee of the Eleventh Board of Directors for
Audit        Guanghui, Xie                     November 24,       2025
                                         10                                                                                                             None                None                None
Committee    Yunsan, Liu                       2025               1. Proposal on the 2025 Annual Report Audit Plan
             Guo’en, Cao                                          Result: 5 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
             Yangfeng
             Na Chaohong,
             You                                                  (X) The third meeting of Audit Committee of the Eleventh Board of Directors for
Audit        Guanghui, Xie                     December 29,       2025
                                         10                                                                                                             None                None                None
Committee    Yunsan, Liu                       2025               1. Proposal on Estimation of the Daily Related Party Transactions in 2026
             Guo’en, Cao                                          Result: 5 voted in favor, 0 voted against, 0 abstained
             Yangfeng


       VII. Work of the Audit Committee

       Whether the Audit Committee identified any risks to the Company in its supervisory activities during the reporting period
       □ Yes RNo
       The Audit Committee had no objections to the supervisory matters during the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                                                                                93
                                                                               2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


VIII. Employees of the Company

1. Number of employees, professional composition, and education

    Number of in-service employees of the parent company at the
                                                                                                                            4,306
    end of the reporting period (person)
    Number of in-service employees of major subsidiaries at the
                                                                                                                            4,980
    end of the reporting period (person)
    Total number of in-service employees at the end of the
                                                                                                                            9,286
    reporting period (person)
    Total number of salaried employees in the current period
                                                                                                                            9,286
    (person)
    Number of retired pensioners whose expenses shall be borne by
                                                                                                                            1,979
    the parent company and its main subsidiaries (person)

                                                         Professional Composition

                  Category of Professional Composition                        Number of Professional Composition (Person)

    Production staff                                                                                                        1,640

    Sales staff                                                                                                             5,467

    Technical staff                                                                                                         1,351

    Financial staff                                                                                                          271

    Administrative staff                                                                                                     557

    Total                                                                                                                   9,286

                                                                Education

                           Category of Education                                           Number (person)

    Doctor                                                                                                                    60

    Master                                                                                                                   706

    Undergraduate                                                                                                           4,647

    College                                                                                                                 2,906

    Technical secondary school and below                                                                                     967

    Total                                                                                                                   9,286


   2. Remuneration policy


        During the reporting period, in line with its overall development strategy, the Company continued to deepen

   its management philosophy of positive incentives and shared creation and benefits. It continuously refined its

   incentive system which combines value-oriented medium- and long-term incentives with short-term incentives to

   promote shared interests, shared risk-bearing, and aligned development goals among employees and the Company.

   This effectively consolidated the collective momentum for development, continuously enhanced organizational

                                                                                                                                94
                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



effectiveness, and strengthened the stability and innovative vitality of the core talent pool, thereby providing a solid

talent foundation and endogenous driving force for the Company’s business innovation and high-quality sustainable

development.

     In terms of HR management, the Company adhered to the principle of maximizing the value of human capital,

strengthened the management and control of labor cost efficiency, continuously optimized human resources

budgeting and staffing mechanisms, and promoted the targeted allocation of human capital to core businesses, key

technologies, and high-value areas, thereby comprehensively enhancing the efficiency of human resources

allocation and the return on investment. Focusing on improving quality and enhancing efficiency, the Company

refined a compensation system that links performance to value contribution, encouraged employees to actively

participate in sharing in the Company’s success, and strengthened cross-departmental collaboration and team

execution, in order to achieve mutual empowerment through both the Company’s sustainable development and

employees’ personal growth.

     The Company strictly complied with all relevant labor laws and regulations, placing equal emphasis on legal

compliance and employee welfare, and continuously improving its system for protecting employee rights and

providing benefits. During the reporting period, the Company strictly complied with relevant national and local

regulations by making full contributions on behalf of all employees for basic pension insurance, medical insurance,

unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance, maternity insurance, and housing provident fund. It also

continued to implement its corporate pension plan in a standardized manner, thereby effectively safeguarding the

legitimate rights and interests of its employees. At the same time, the Company continued to optimize employee

benefits, further expanding the coverage of supplemental commercial insurance to enhance employees’ ability to

mitigate accident risks and improve their health protection. These efforts aim to strengthen employees’ sense of job

security and belonging, actively fulfill corporate social responsibilities, and demonstrate the Company’s

commitment to caring for its employees and taking on social responsibilities.


3. Training program


     Yunnan Baiyao adheres to the concept of “People-first, Talent-integrated” and mainly keeps training talents

internally, and introduces external talents as a supplement, committed to building a diverse knowledge system and

a team of multidisciplinary professionals. During the reporting period, the Company closely adhered to its “2+3”


                                                                                                                      95
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



two-step development strategy and the “1346” overall approach to Party building. Guided by the goal of establishing

a strategic HR management system, the Company continued to upgrade its talent development framework and

enhance organizational capabilities, thereby providing a solid talent foundation for the implementation of its

strategies. First, in terms of system design, the Company adhered to a dual-drive approach of “political guidance

and professional empowerment.” Taking Yunnan Baiyao Party School as its core platform to strengthen political

education and the Baiyao Academy as its practical platform to focus on professional development, the Company

integrated training programs across leadership, professional, and skills series. By developing a scientifically

designed talent strategy and establishing a comprehensive talent development system, we conducted dynamic

assessments based on competency models, job qualifications, and talent evaluations, focusing on identifying and

developing key talent to build a team of ambitious and capable managers and a well-structured talent pipeline.

Second, in terms of project implementation, the Company focused on “people” and “expertise,” aligning efforts

across all levels of the organization from top to bottom, side to side, and short-term to long-term to provide

customized training programs. For management personnel, we continued to deepen tiered leadership development

programs and leverage high-level platforms to enhance strategic vision and transformational leadership; for

technical professionals, we implemented targeted training tailored to specific professional groups, such as R&D,

manufacturing, supply chain, marketing, and finance, to help them refine their professional skills; and for skilled

workers, we launched specialized training camps and modern apprenticeship programs to strengthen their

foundational skills on the front lines. At the same time, the Company closely integrated classroom learning with

hands-on project experience, using major breakthrough programs and real-world projects as platforms to shift

training from “knowledge acquisition” to “competency certification,” thereby enhancing managers’ ability to tackle

complex issues and drive organizational change. Third, regarding the development of talent pipelines, the Company,

based on the criteria for exemplary cadres, integrity, competence, diligence, performance, and probity, established

a closed-loop management system for reserve cadres that includes selection, cultivation, management, and

deployment. We implemented talent development and assessment programs for reserve cadres, fostering a deep and

robust talent pool through strict admission and exit standards, thereby accelerating the growth of young cadres. By

intensifying job rotation and exchange programs, we fostered the growth of outstanding young cadres through

challenging and critical assignments, continuously optimized the structure of our workforce and enhance its quality,

and built a reserve of key talent to support the Group’s high-quality development. Fourth, regarding the

                                                                                                                    96
                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



establishment of long-term mechanisms, the Company adhered to the principle of “putting hardworking individuals

first,” building a scientific, standardized, and effective talent development system. We reinforced a management

approach characterized by “ambitious goals, strong incentives, and strict accountability” and established a clear

personnel selection philosophy that prioritizes “integrity, performance, responsibility, and public consensus,”

thereby fostering a thriving ecosystem for entrepreneurship and innovation. Through a comprehensive and targeted

talent support system and the cultivation of a strong corporate culture, we aimed to energize our internal workforce,

strengthen our confidence in growth, and foster a mutually beneficial relationship between employees and the

Company.


4. Labor outsourcing

RApplicable          □Not applicable

 Total man-hours of outsourced labor (hour)                                                                                  2,462,144

 Total compensation paid for labor outsourcing (RMB)                                                                    59,614,635.32

Note: This outsourcing involves staffing rather than business operations; and the outsourced workforce is relatively stable, with 1,241
employees on the payroll as at the end of 2025.


IX. Profit Distribution and Conversion of Capital Reserve into Share Capital of the Company

Formulation, implementation, or adjustment of profit distribution policies, especially cash dividend policies during the reporting period
RApplicable          □Not applicable

     The Company’s ongoing commitment revolves around creating value and ensuring reasonable returns for

investors. The Company extensively gathers and incorporates shareholders’ perspectives regarding profit

distribution. It follows sustainable, stable, compliant, and transparent distribution policies that prioritize the

protection of minority shareholders’ legitimate rights and interests. The standards and ratios for dividend distribution

are clearly defined. The profit distribution plan of the Company is submitted to the general meeting of shareholders

for consideration, and the decision-making and implementation of profit distribution comply with the relevant

provisions of the Articles of Association and the requirements of the resolutions of the general meeting of

shareholders.

     The Company’s annual equity distribution plan for 2024 is as follows: Based on the total share capital of the

Company of 1,784,262,603 shares as at the end of 2024, a cash dividend of RMB 11.85 (tax inclusive) for every 10

shares would be paid to all shareholders, 0 bonus shares (tax inclusive) would be distributed, and no share capital


                                                                                                                                      97
                                                                                  2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



  would be converted from capital reserve. The Company completed the distribution of its 2024 special dividend in

  November 2024, paying a cash dividend of RMB 12.13 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares, for a total cash dividend

  amount of RMB 2,164,310,537.44 (tax inclusive). When combined with the special dividend already distributed in

  2024, the proposed cash dividend will be calculated based on the Company’s total issued share capital of

  1,784,262,603 shares as at the end of 2024, resulting in a cumulative cash distribution of RMB 23.98 (tax inclusive)

  per 10 shares for 2024. The total cumulative cash dividend amounts to RMB 4,278,661,722.00 (tax inclusive),

  representing 90.09% of the Company’s net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company for 2024.

        The Company’s special dividend plan for 2025 is as follows: Based on a total of 1,784,262,603 shares, a cash

  dividend of RMB 10.19 (tax inclusive) for every 10 shares will be paid to all shareholders, 0 bonus shares (tax

  inclusive) will be distributed, and no share capital will be converted from capital reserve. In accordance with the

  distribution proportion of this plan, the total amount of distribution was finally determined based on the number of

  shares entitled to profit distribution on the equity registration date when the distribution plan was implemented in

  the future. The remaining undistributed profits were reserved for distribution in subsequent years. On September

  24, 2025, the Company completed the implementation of special dividend distribution for 2025, with a total cash

  dividend of RMB 1,818,163,592.46 distributed.

                                               Special Description of Cash Dividend Policy

   Whether it complies with the provisions of the Articles of Association or the requirements of resolutions of
                                                                                                                         Yes
   shareholders’ meeting:

   Whether the standards and ratios for dividend distribution are clearly defined:                                       Yes

   Whether relevant decision-making procedures and mechanisms are complete:                                              Yes

   Whether the independent directors perform their duties and play their due role:                                       Yes

   If the Company does not pay cash dividends, it shall disclose the specific reasons and the next steps to be
                                                                                                                         Yes
   taken to enhance the return of investors:
   Whether minority shareholders have sufficient opportunities to express their opinions and demands, and
                                                                                                                         Yes
   whether their legitimate rights and interests are fully protected:
   Whether the conditions and procedures for adjusting or changing the cash dividend policies are compliant
                                                                                                                         Yes
   and transparent:

  The Company made profits during the reporting period and the profit available for distribution to shareholders of the parent company
  was positive, but no cash dividend distribution plan was proposed
  □Applicable         RNot applicable
  Distribution of profits and capital reserve converted into share capital during the reporting period
  RApplicable          □Not applicable

Number of bonus shares for every 10 shares (share)                                                                                       0



                                                                                                                                   98
                                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



Amount of dividend for every 10 shares (RMB) dividend
plan for 2025 is as follows: Based on a total of 1,784,262,603                                                                            15.83
shares, a cash dividend of (tax inclusive)

Base of share capital of the distribution plan (share)                                                                           1,784,262,603

Cash dividend amount (RMB) dividend plan for 2025 is as
follows: Based on a total of 1,784,262,603 shares, a cash                                                                    2,824,487,700.55
dividend of (tax inclusive)

Cash dividend amount in other ways (such as repurchase of
                                                                                                                                           0.00
shares) (RMB)

Total cash dividend (including other methods) (RMB)                                                                          2,824,487,700.55

Distributable profits (RMB)                                                                                                  3,154,933,345.92

Proportion of total cash dividends (including other methods)
                                                                                                                                          100%
to total profit distribution

This Cash Dividend

If the Company is in the mature phase and there is no significant capital expenditure arrangement, the cash dividend shall account for at
least 80% of the profit distribution when profit distribution is made.

Details of Plan on Profit Distribution and Conversion of Capital Reserve into Share Capital

The profit distribution plan of the Company considered and approved by the Board of Directors is as follows: Based on the total share
capital of the Company of 1,784,262,603 shares as at the end of 2025, the Company proposes to distribute cash dividends of RMB 15.83
per 10 shares (tax inclusive) to all shareholders, with no bonus shares issued and no capital reserve to increase the share capital. At the same
time, the Company completed the distribution of the 2025 special dividend profits in September 2025, distributing cash of RMB 10.19 per
10 shares (tax inclusive), with total cash dividends amounting to RMB 1,818,163,592.46 (tax inclusive).When combined with the special
dividend already distributed in 2025, the proposed cash dividend will be calculated based on the Company’s total issued share capital of
1,784,262,603 shares as at the end of 2025, resulting in a cumulative cash distribution of RMB 26.02 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares for 2025.
The total cumulative cash dividend amounts to RMB 4,642,651,293.01 (tax inclusive), representing 90.09% of the Company’s net profit
attributable to shareholders of the listed company for 2025.



  X. Implementation of the Company’s Equity Incentive Plan, Employee Stock Ownership Plan
  (ESOP), or Other Employee Incentive Measures

  □Applicable RNot applicable

  During the reporting period, the Company implemented no equity incentive plan, employee stock ownership plan or other employee
  incentive measures.


  XI. Establishment and Implementation of Internal Control System during the Reporting
  Period

  1. Establishment and implementation of internal control

        The Company, in accordance with the Company Law, the Basic Standard for Enterprise Internal Control and

  its related guidelines and other related laws and regulations, and by reference to the industry characteristics and the

                                                                                                                                          99
                                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



     practice of the Company, has continuously improved its internal control system and promoted risk management of

     key business areas to improve its overall risk defense capability.

              In 2025, the Company had an improved internal control system, which had been effectively implemented and

     helped the Company disclose information timely and accurately and prepare financial reports truly and reliably,

     ensuring the legal and compliant operation of the Company and the safety and integrity of assets, achieving the

     expected objectives of internal control and safeguarding the interests of the Company and all shareholders.


     2. Details of significant internal control defects discovered during the reporting period

     □ Yes RNo


     XII. Management Control of Subsidiaries during the Reporting Period

                                                                                               Problems                              Follow-up
Company                                                                  Integration                          Solutions   Solution
                                 Integration plan                                             encountered                            resolution
 name                                                                     progress                              taken     progress
                                                                                             in integration                             plan
                Yunnan Baiyao’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Yunnan       The change in
                Baiyao Group TCM Resources Co., Ltd (“TCM             ownership of
Anguo
                Resources Company”), will acquire 100% of the         Juyaotang has
Juyaotang
                equity in Juyaotang through a cash transaction. The   been completed,
Pharmace                                                                                     None             None        None       None
                total consideration for the equity transfer is RMB    and it has become
utical Co.,
                660 million. Upon completion of the transaction,      a wholly-owned
Ltd.
                TCM Resources Company will hold 100% of the           subsidiary of
                equity in Juyaotang.                                  Yunnan Baiyao.
     Abnormalities in management and control of subsidiaries
     □ Yes RNo


     XIII. Internal Control Evaluation Report or Internal Control Audit Report

     1. Internal Control Evaluation Report

       Full-text disclosure date of
       Internal Control Evaluation                                               April 1, 2026
       Report
       Full-text disclosure index
       of Internal Control                                            http://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/index
       Evaluation Report
       Total assets of units
       included in the evaluation
       scope as a percentage of
                                                                                       97.71%
       total assets of the
       Company’s consolidated
       financial statements
       Operating income of units
       included in the scope of                                                        98.88%
       evaluation as a percentage

                                                                                                                                      100
                                                                               2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


 of operating income of the
 Company’s consolidated
 financial statements

                                                    Defect Identification Criteria

          Category                              Financial Report                                   Non-Financial Report
                               1. Major defects: Frauds among directors,
                               supervisors, and senior managers of the Company
                               are discovered; Significant internal control
                                                                                      1. Major defects: Those defects that have been
                               deficiencies identified and reported to
                                                                                      formally disclosed and have a negative impact
                               management are not corrected after a reasonable
                                                                                      on the Company’s periodic reporting
                               time; Control environment is ineffective; The
                                                                                      disclosure; and have violated national laws and
                               oversight of internal controls by Audit Committee
                                                                                      regulations, causing heavy losses to the
                               and internal audit bodies is ineffective; There are
                                                                                      Company.
                               defects affecting earnings trends; Material
                                                                                      2. Important defects: Those defects that are
                               misstatements detected by external audit are not
 Qualitative Criteria                                                                 punished by national government authorities
                               first detected by the Company; The Company
                                                                                      but have not had a negative impact on the
                               corrects published financial statements.
                                                                                      Company’s periodic report disclosures.
                               2. Important defects: Accounting policies fail to be
                                                                                      3. General defects: Those defects are punished
                               selected and applied by GAAP;
                                                                                      by provincial (including provincial) and below
                               Controls or compensatory measures for non-
                                                                                      government departments but do not have a
                               conventional or special transaction accounting
                                                                                      negative impact on the disclosure of the
                               treatment fail to be established or implemented.
                                                                                      Company’s periodic reports.
                               3. General defects: Defects other than major
                               defects and important defects are classified as
                               general defects.
                                                                                      By reference to the identification criteria for
                                                                                      internal control defects in financial reports,
                               Internal control defects with financial
                                                                                      internal control defects that may cause direct
                               misstatement amount less than 3% of total profit
                                                                                      property losses with an absolute amount less
                               shall be identified as general defects; Internal
                                                                                      than 3% of total profits are identified as general
                               control defects with an absolute amount greater
                                                                                      defects; Internal control defects with an
 Quantitative Criteria         than or equal to 3% but less than 5% of total profit
                                                                                      absolute amount greater than or equal to 3% but
                               shall be identified as important defects; Internal
                                                                                      less than 5% of total profit shall be identified as
                               control defects with an absolute amount greater
                                                                                      important defects; Internal control defects with
                               than or equal to 5% of total profit shall be
                                                                                      an absolute amount greater than or equal to 5%
                               identified as major defects.
                                                                                      of total profit shall be identified as major
                                                                                      defects.
 Number of Major Defects
                                                                                                                                       0
 in Financial Reports (Item)
 Number of Major Defects
 in Non-Financial Reports                                                                                                              0
 (Item)
 Number of Important
 Defects in Financial                                                                                                                  0
 Reports (Item)
 Number of Important
 Defects in Non-Financial                                                                                                              0
 Reports (Item)


2. Internal Control Audit Report

RApplicable          □Not applicable

                                        Considerations about Internal Control Audit Report

                                                                                                                                      101
                                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


         The Company has maintained effective internal controls over financial reporting in all material respects in accordance with the
                                 requirements of the internal control framework and relevant regulations.

       Disclosure of Internal Control Audit Report                              Disclosed

       Full-text disclosure date of Internal Control Audit Report               April 1, 2026

       Full-text disclosure index of Internal Control Audit Report              http://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/index

       Opinion type of Internal Control Audit Report                            Unqualified opinion

       Whether there are major defects in non-financial reports                 No

      Did the accounting firm issue internal control audit reports with qualified opinion?
      □ Yes RNo
      Whether the internal control audit report issued by the accounting firm was consistent with the self-evaluation report of the Board of
      Directors?
      RYes □No
      Was a non-standard audit opinion on internal controls issued for the reporting period or the prior year?
      □ Yes RNo


      XIV. Rectification of Self-inspection Issues in Special Actions for Governance of Listed
      Companies

      Not applicable.


      XV. Environmental Information Disclosure

      Are the listed company and its major subsidiaries included in the list of companies required to disclose environmental information in
      accordance with the law?
      RYes □No
Number of companies included in the list of
enterprises required to disclose
                                                                                                                                               4
environmental information in accordance
with the law (number of companies)
                                                 Index for Querying Reports on the Disclosure of Environmental Information in Accordance with
No.               Enterprise name
                                                                                           the Law
                                                http://183.224.17.39:10097/ynyfpl/frontal/index.html#/home/enterpriseInfo?XTXH=a0f410dc-
 1     Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
                                                2d86-4b05-bcb2-6c087ea96410&XH=1676796182864043921408&year=2025
       Yunnan Baiyao Group TCM                  http://183.224.17.39:10097/ynyfpl/frontal/index.html#/home/enterpriseInfo?XTXH=b18de973-
 2
       Resources Co., Ltd.                      4492-4d18-9e83-69981a37ac71&XH=1676796185788043921408&year=2025
       Yunnan Baiyao Group Wenshan              http://183.224.17.39:10097/ynyfpl/frontal/index.html#/home/enterpriseInfo?XTXH=4b16aa84-
 3
       Qihua Co., Ltd.                          7e69-418f-a8b9-8ce6e4d8bf56&XH=1676796204034043921408&year=2025
       Yunnan Baiyao Group Dali                 http://183.224.17.39:10097/ynyfpl/frontal/index.html#/home/enterpriseInfo?XTXH=31de9536-
 4
       Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                 0920-46ec-9d52-1dfbae1dde08&XH=1682673698668045334528&year=2025


      XVI. Social Responsibility

           For details, please refer to the 2025 Sustainability Report disclosed by the Company on the same day at

      www.cninfo.com.cn.
                                                                                                                                         102
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


XVII. Consolidated and Expanded Achievements in Poverty Alleviation and Rural
Revitalization

     In 2025, guided by Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, Yunnan

Baiyao Group thoroughly implemented the spirit of the Opinions of the Central Committee of the Communist Party

of China and the State Council on Further Deepening Rural Reform and Steadily Advancing Comprehensive Rural

Revitalization as well as the policy decisions and arrangements of the Central Committee, the State Council, the

Provincial Party Committee, and the Provincial Government regarding rural revitalization. The Group earnestly

carried out the requirements outlined in the Key Points for Targeted Assistance Work in Yunnan Province in 2025

and, by combining the resource endowments of the assisted villages with the Group’s strengths, adhered to a rural

revitalization model featuring “organizational leadership + integration of Party building + technical guidance +

leading the way to prosperity + talent cultivation + consumption-based assistance.” The Group continued to

intensify its support for Chazhiluo Village and Xinle Village in Pantiange Township, Weixi County, Diqing

Prefecture, while constantly exploring and innovating measures and focusing efforts precisely, resulting in positive

progress across all areas of work.

     First, we strengthened organizational leadership. In 2025, the Party Committee of Yunnan Baiyao Group

attached great importance to this work, continuously strengthening organizational leadership. We treated designated

assistance as a major political task and social responsibility with utmost priority. We coordinated the planning of

targeted poverty alleviation efforts, focused on strengthening the village-based work teams, improved management

mechanisms, ensured adequate resource allocation, and advanced the assistance work with precision. During the

year, the Party Committee of the Group held two meetings to discuss and deploy rural revitalization efforts, hear

reports on the progress of these initiatives, stay abreast of developments and identify challenges, and explore

solutions. This year, Zhang Wenxue, the Party Secretary and Chairman of the Group, and the Deputy Party Secretary

led separate delegations to Weixi County to conduct research and provide guidance on targeted poverty alleviation

efforts. They inspected the construction of the GAP-certified base as well as the harvesting and processing of fresh

woody clove in Chazhiluo Village and Xinle Village. They also made arrangements for the assistance work and

outlined the direction and requirements for the next phase of efforts. A delegation led by the head of the Procurement

Department of the Group’s TCM Resources Business Group and comprising senior technical and procurement

experts traveled to Weixi County to hold discussions with the county’s top leaders and key officials from the Rural


                                                                                                                    103
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



Revitalization Bureau. The delegation conducted an on-site inspection of the Weixi County TCM Industrial Park

and the interplanting of Aucklandiae Radix trees at the cultivation bases in the two assisted villages, and coordinated

with farmers in those villages regarding the procurement of Aucklandiae Radix.

    Second, we reinforced organizational support. We continued to ensure precise selection and strengthen the

teams stationed in villages. We selected and deployed a core group of personnel with strong political integrity and

expertise in relevant fields (pharmacy, Party affairs, and crop cultivation and processing) to serve in the villages on

a rotational basis. A total of six village-based work team members have been assigned, including two who serve as

First Secretaries. This approach aligns the “needs of the village” with the “capabilities of the enterprise,” and

implements a “3-3 system” team configuration with three work team members assigned to each village. We aim to

combine strict management with genuine care. On the one hand, leveraging the Company’s OA management system,

we have implemented a management mechanism for village-based assistance work that involves “planning at the

beginning of the month, evaluation at the end of the month, and monthly summary reports.” We link evaluation

results to performance-based compensation, awards, and career development, while ensuring that the spirit of the

Central Committee’s Eight-Point Decision is upheld throughout the process. By establishing mechanisms such as

family members’ support for integrity and public oversight, we have strengthened our integrity defense and created

a closed-loop management system. On the other hand, in strict accordance with the Detailed Rules for the

Management of Expenditures for the Rural Revitalization Work Team of Yunnan Baiyao Group Stationed in Weixi

County, a full allocation of RMB 120,000 was made for the team’s operational expenses to ensure adequate

compensation for team members. The labor union organized care and welfare activities for the team to encourage

them to devote themselves fully to their work on the front lines. In 2025, the village-based work team fulfilled its

duties conscientiously and carried out its work in strict accordance with relevant policy requirements and company

regulations. Neither the team nor its members received any public censure or disciplinary action from the state,

prefecture, or county authorities for dereliction of duty.

    Third, we continuously consolidated and expanded the achievements in poverty alleviation. We treated

the consolidation and expansion of poverty alleviation achievements as a major political task, strictly implemented

the “four no-removal” requirements, and vigorously advanced dynamic monitoring and assistance efforts to prevent

relapse into poverty. We have helped six households comprising 24 individuals to permanently eliminate poverty

risks, identified six households with 22 individuals at risk of relapsing into poverty due to illness, education

                                                                                                                    104
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



expenses, or accidents, and promptly included them in monitoring and assistance programs, thereby resolutely

upholding the bottom line of preventing large-scale relapse into poverty. We vigorously promoted development-

oriented assistance, focused on strengthening the local industry, and actively promoted the intercropping of corn

and Aucklandiae Radix in the designated assistance villages. We established an industrial development fund and

provided incentives to farmers, thereby encouraging 96 households that had previously been living in poverty and

were under monitoring, as well as 44 general households, to participate in the Aquilaria cultivation industry. We

organized a procurement delegation to travel deep into Weixi to conduct contract-based purchasing, buying and

selling local specialty agricultural products, and helping local medicinal herbs make the transition from the “fields”

to the market. In collaboration with Weixi County, we drafted the Three-Year Action Plan for the High-Quality

Development of Traditional Chinese Medicinal Materials in Weixi County (2025–2027) and promoted

demonstration techniques for intercropping “grain and medicinal materials” in multiple villages that had recently

been lifted out of poverty, driving a steady expansion of the county’s medicinal materials cultivation area to 107,000

mu, with an estimated output value of RMB 660 million, and providing solid support for the sustainable

development of Weixi County’s industries.

     Fourth, we are committed to revitalizing talent resources, fortifying the cornerstone of sustainable rural

growth. Yunnan Baiyao has always upheld the belief that “rural revitalization depends on talent, and to foster talent,

education must come first.” The Company continued its “Golden Autumn Scholarship” program this year in

Pantiange Township, Weixi County, allocating RMB 164,000 in scholarships to support 92 students from across the

township who were admitted to undergraduate and vocational programs. From 2015 to 2025, a total of

approximately RMB 810,000 was invested in educational assistance funds, helping 528 students from across the

township successfully enroll in college and providing a talent pool to support the long-term development of

Pantiange Township. At the same time, the Company revised and improved the Specialized Technical Solution of

Yunnan Baiyao for the Cultivation of Aucklandia costus and dispatched senior TCM materials experts to the village

to provide technical training and guidance. A total of 10 training sessions were conducted, reaching 182 participants,

to help farmers improve their cultivation skills. With such measures, we developed and nurtured 10 leading figures

to help local farmers increase their income, with a commitment to cultivating talent for the village’s industrial

development.




                                                                                                                    105
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



     Fifth, we promoted the development of distinctive industries that enrich the people, strengthening

endogenous growth momentum. Building on Weixi’s unique resources, Yunnan Baiyao Group has actively

promoted the “grain-medicine” intercropping model with the support of its village-based work teams. Following

the pilot planting in 2024, Yunnan Baiyao Group allocated RMB 101,500 in special funds to Chazhiluo Village and

Xinle Village in Pantiange Township in 2025. We provided subsidies to farmers in both villages who practiced

intercropping corn with Aucklandiae Radix, successfully expanding the “Corn-Aucklandiae Radix intercropping”

base to 507 mu. It is currently the harvesting season for Aucklandia costus, and the two villages are expected to

generate a total output value of RMB 1.05 million through Aucklandia costus. Among them, Li Xiangrong, a leading

figure in local economic development, has increased his household income by RMB 80,000 through this model,

demonstrating a significant driving effect. At the same time, the demonstration planting of Bletilla striata is

progressing steadily. With an investment of RMB 16,000 in seedlings and adopting an approach of “Party-building

leadership combined with industrial practice,” 10 demonstration plots totaling 4 mu have been established, laying

the groundwork for future expansion and promotion. In 2025, the Group’s TCM Materials Procurement Department

took the initiative to go to the front lines, visiting designated assistance villages to investigate the harvesting and

processing quality of fresh Aucklandiae Radix, plan procurement strategies, and pledge to purchase all Aucklandiae

Radix produced by farmers in the assisted villages. In addition, we actively collaborated with village-level collective

enterprises and cooperatives to help farmers establish market sales channels. This practice has attracted attention

from numerous media outlets, including Yunnan SASAC, Diqing News, Shangri-La News, xuexi.cn and Diqing

Learning Platform, and has been covered in depth in an article titled Cazhiluo Village Overcame Challenges and

Boosted Income Through the “Three Ones” Initiative.

     Sixth, we innovated industrial assistance models to broaden income-generating channels for the masses.

The Company actively participated in the “Golden Autumn Campaign for Consumption-Based Poverty Alleviation”

and the “Spring Festival Campaign for Consumption-Based Poverty Alleviation.” Through the “832 Platform,” we

purchased a total of 8,862 units of agricultural and sideline products from Weixi County, amounting to RMB 886,200,

thereby helping farmers increase their income and contributing to rural revitalization. In addition, Yunnan Baiyao

Group fully leveraged its industrial strengths to procure a total of 16,935 kilograms of medicinal herbs including

Gentiana macrophylla and Angelica sinensis through Shangri-La Hezheng Tibetan Medicine Co., Ltd and Diqing

Development Zone Sanjiang Bio-Development Co., Ltd, at a total cost of RMB 1.1512 million. This move has

                                                                                                                    106
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



effectively addressed the difficulties local farmers faced in selling their medicinal herbs and opened up new avenues

for them to increase their income and improve their livelihoods.

     Seventh, we promoted cultural revitalization in villages and fostered new trends of rural civilization.

Building on the RMB 300,000 investment made in 2024, an additional RMB 150,000 was allocated in 2025 to

design and renovate the exhibition hall at the Peacock Dance Heritage Site in Chazhiluo Village, produce a

promotional video for the Lisu Peacock Dance, preserve and commemorate the ancient well, install informational

bulletin boards throughout the village, in order to improve the village’s appearance, preserve and promote intangible

cultural heritage and the unique local ethnic culture, and build a “Beautiful Rural Village” imbued with ethnic

cultural characteristics. To mark the 104th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China through

events such as “Celebrating July 1st, Grateful to the Party, Welcoming the National Day, and Writing a New Chapter”

as well as activities promoting filial piety and respect for the elderly under the theme “Warmth in the Golden Autumn,

Love on the Double Ninth Festival,” we organized cultural performances and recreational sports for villagers, and

held a “Fulfilling the Dream of Visiting the Capital” photography event for seniors aged 60 and above, presenting

them with commemorative prints to enrich rural spiritual and cultural life. An investment of RMB 10,000 was made

in Xinle Village to implement a “points-based system” for management, with the aim of encouraging villagers to

voluntarily comply with village regulations and actively participate in public affairs, thereby promoting a civilized

village atmosphere and fostering harmony and stability.

     Eighth, we put health concepts into practice, enhancing people’s sense of health and well-being.

Leveraging the strengths of Baiyao, we organized and implemented the “Healthy Villages Tour” volunteer activity,

distributing daily care products such as toothpaste and shampoo to households that have been lifted out of poverty,

while also promoting health education to help villagers develop a greater awareness of health and wellness. In 2025,

we organized three “Healthy Village Tour” events, serving more than 100 people, and providing health and daily

necessities worth over RMB 80,000. We purchased long-term medications for villagers to address practical issues

such as difficulty in obtaining medicine and transportation costs exceeding the cost of the medicine itself. We also

distributed and applied pain-relieving plasters to elderly residents suffering from rheumatism and joint pain,

bringing care directly to their doorsteps.




                                                                                                                   107
                                                                                                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



                                                        Section V              Significant Events

I. Performance of Commitments

1. Commitments of the Company’s De Facto Controller, Shareholders, Related Parties and Acquirers, as well as the Company Itself and Other Related
Entities Fulfilled during the Reporting Period or Ongoing at the Period-End

RApplicable         □Not applicable

                                           Commitment                                                                        Commitment        Commitment         Performance
  Commitments         Commitment Party                                              Contents
                                              Type                                                                              Time             Period              Status
                                                         1. Our company is not engaged in any business or activity that
                                                         is the same as, similar to, or resembling, and constitutes or may
                                                         constitute directly or indirectly a competition in any aspect
                                                         with, the listed company’s any existing business, nor will we
                                                         actively provide, in any way, any assistance in finance,
                                                         business, management, etc. or any trade secrets such as
                                                         technical information, business operations, sales channels, to
                                                         any enterprises, agencies or other economic organizations that
                                                         compete with the listed company in any of its existing
                                                                                                                                              Remain
 Commitments                                             business. 2. As of the date of issuance of this commitment
                                         Commitments                                                                                          effective during
 made in the                                             letter, our company will legally take necessary and possible
                    Yunnan Investment    regarding                                                                           December 10,     the period of
 acquisition                                             measures to avoid, and urge any other enterprises under our                                              In progress
                    Group                horizontal                                                                             2021          holding indirect
 report or equity                                        actual control to avoid, any businesses or activities that may in
                                         competition                                                                                          stake in Yunnan
 change report                                           any way substantially or potentially constitute a horizontal
                                                                                                                                              Baiyao
                                                         competition or a conflict of interest, with the principal
                                                         businesses of the listed company. If, in the future, a material
                                                         conflict of interest arising from substantial or potential
                                                         horizontal competition between our company and any
                                                         enterprises under our control and the listed company, our
                                                         company and such enterprises under our actual control will
                                                         give up that business opportunity that may result in a material
                                                         horizontal competition and thus lead to a substantial conflict
                                                         of interest or take appropriate measures permitted by other

                                                                                                                                                                            108
                                                                                                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                         laws and regulations to eliminate the potential impact of
                                                         material horizontal competition. 3. Our company will not, by
                                                         virtue of any information learned or known from the listed
                                                         company, assist our company itself or any third party in
                                                         engaging in any business activities that may in any way
                                                         substantially or potentially constitute a horizontal competition
                                                         with the principal businesses of the listed company.
                                                         To protect the legitimate rights and interest of any and all of
                                                         the shareholders of the listed company, our company
                                                         undertakes to warrant: 1. The personnel independence of the
                                                         listed company, that is: (1) The general manager, deputy
                                                         general manager, CFO, secretary of the Board of Directors,
                                                         and other senior management personnel of the listed company
                                                         will work full-time and receive compensation in the listed
                                                         company, with holding no positions other than directors or
                                                         supervisors or receiving no compensation in any other
                                                         enterprises under the control of our company, for continuously
                                                         maintaining the independence of personnel of the listed
                                                         company; (2) The listed company has a complete and
                                                         independent labor, personnel, and salary management system,                          Remain
Commitments                            Commitments to
                                                         which is fully independent from our company and any other                            effective during
made in the                            maintain the
                   Yunnan Investment                     enterprises under our control; (3) The directors, supervisors,      December 10,     the period of
acquisition                            independence of                                                                                                            In progress
                   Group                                 and senior management personnel of the listed company are              2021          holding indirect
report or equity                       the listed
                                                         elected or appointed in accordance with legal procedures, and                        stake in Yunnan
change report                          company
                                                         our company will not interfere with the personnel appointment                        Baiyao
                                                         and removal decisions already made by the Board of Directors
                                                         and the general meeting of the listed company. 2. The asset
                                                         independence of the listed company, that is: (1) The listed
                                                         company has independent and complete assets, all of which
                                                         are under the control of the listed company and are
                                                         independently owned and operated by the listed company; (2)
                                                         Our company and any other enterprises under our control do
                                                         not and will not in any way occupy the funds, assets, and other
                                                         resources of the listed company in violation of laws and
                                                         regulations; (3) Our company and any other enterprises under
                                                         our control will not use the assets of the listed company as
                                                         guarantee for our and their debts in violation of regulations. 3.

                                                                                                                                                                            109
                                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


The financial independence of the listed company, that is: (1)
The listed company continues to maintain its independent
financial department and independent financial accounting
system; (2) The listed company opens an independent bank
account and does not share a bank account with our company
or any other enterprises under our control; (3) The listed
company is able to make independent financial decisions,
without our company’s illegal interference with its asset
utilization scheduling; (4) The independence of the listed
company’s financial personnel who will not work part-time or
receive remuneration in any other enterprises under our
control; (5) The listed company legally pays taxes
independently. 4. The institutional independence of the listed
company, that is: (1) The listed company continues to maintain
a sound corporate governance structure and has an
independent and complete organizational structure; (2) The
general meeting, Board of Directors, independent directors,
Supervisory Committee, general manager, etc. of the listed
company independently exercise their powers in accordance
with laws, regulations, and the listed company’s articles of
association; (3) The listed company has an independent and
complete organizational structure, without institutional
confusion with any other enterprises under our control. 5. The
business independence of the listed company, that is: (1) The
listed company has the assets, personnel, qualifications, and
capabilities to independently carry out business activities, and
also has the capabilities to independently and continuously
operate in the market; (2) The listed company has minimized
related party transactions between our company and any other
enterprises under our control and the listed company as much
as possible, and fairly carry out necessary and inevitable
related party transactions at fair prices in accordance with
market-oriented principles, with transaction procedures and
information disclosure obligations fulfilled in accordance with
relevant laws, regulations, and normative documents. 6. The
listed company maintains independence from our company
and any other enterprises under our control in any other

                                                                                                                  110
                                                                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                            aspects.
                                                            1. After the completion of this equity transfer, our company
                                                            will consciously safeguard the interest of the listed company
                                                            and any and all of its shareholders, and minimize and avoid
                                                            related party transactions with the listed company. We will
                                                            not, by virtue of our indirect stake in the listed company, seek
                                                            for improper benefits or harm any interest of the listed
                                                            company and any and all of its shareholders in related party
                                                            transactions. 2. Our company does not and will not, by virtue
                                                            of our indirect stake in the listed company and its own
                                                            controlling influence, seek from the listed company for better
                                                            commercial terms for business cooperation than that given to
                                                            the third parties in the market for itself or for any other
                                                            enterprises under our control. 3. Our company does not and
                                                            will not, by virtue of our indirect stake in the listed company
                                                            and its own controlling influence, seek for privileges for itself
                                                            or any other enterprises under our control to enter into                             Remain
Commitments
                                                            transactions with the listed company. 4. After completing this                       effective during
made in the                            Commitments
                   Yunnan Investment                        equity transfer, our company will strictly adhere to the            December 10,     the period of
acquisition                            regarding related                                                                                                             In progress
                   Group                                    provisions of the Company Law of the People’s Republic of              2021          holding indirect
report or equity                       party transactions
                                                            China, the Articles of Association of Yunnan Baiyao Group,                           stake in Yunnan
change report
                                                            the Rules of Procedure for the General Meetings, and the                             Baiyao
                                                            Decision System for Related Party Transactions of the Listed
                                                            Company when engaging in inevitable related party
                                                            transactions with the listed company. We are committed to
                                                            conducting these transactions in a transparent, fair, and
                                                            equitable manner. This involves adhering to commercial
                                                            principles such as “fairness, impartiality, and voluntariness.”
                                                            We will enter into fair and reasonable transaction contracts
                                                            with the listed company, ensuring that pricing policies are
                                                            developed based on market fairness, impartiality, and
                                                            openness. This approach guarantees the fairness of transaction
                                                            prices. 5. After the completion of this equity transfer, our
                                                            company and any other enterprises under our control will not
                                                            illegally occupy the funds and assets of the listed company,
                                                            and under no circumstances will the listed company be
                                                            required to provide any form of guarantees to our company or

                                                                                                                                                                               111
                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                any other enterprises under our control.
                   State-owned Assets
                   Supervision and                                                                                                                     Remain
                                                                In the future, when the time is ripe, SASAC of Yunnan
                   Administration                                                                                                                      effective during
Commitments                                                     Province and New Huadu shall urge Baiyao Holdings to
                   Commission of Yunnan    Commitments                                                                                                 the period of
made in the                                                     gradually inject the high-quality assets related to Yunnan
                   Provincial People’s     regarding                                                                                                   holding the
acquisition                                                     Baiyao’s existing business and future development areas into        March 23, 2017                         In progress
                   Government (“SASAC      horizontal                                                                                                  shares of
report or equity                                                Yunnan Baiyao Group. Both SASAC of Yunnan Province and
                   of Yunnan Province”),   competition                                                                                                 Yunnan Baiyao
change report                                                   New Huadu will also strictly comply with the regulations to
                   New Huadu Industrial                                                                                                                (directly and
                                                                avoid horizontal competition.
                   Group Co., Ltd (“New                                                                                                                indirectly)
                   Huadu”)
                                                                1. New Huadu and any other enterprises under our control will
                                                                try the best to avoid related party transactions with Yunnan
                                                                Baiyao. For inevitable related party transactions or those
                                                                occurring for reasonable reasons, New Huadu will undertake
                                                                to conduct such transactions on an equal and voluntary basis
                                                                in the principles of fairness, impartiality, and compensation for
                                                                equal value, with the transaction prices to be determined based
                                                                on the reasonable prices recognized in the market. 2. New
                                                                                                                                                       Remain
                                                                Huadu and any other enterprises under our control will strictly
                                                                                                                                                       effective during
Commitments                                                     comply with the avoidance provisions on related party
                                                                                                                                                       the period of
made in the                                Commitments          transactions set out in Yunnan Baiyao’s articles of association
                                                                                                                                                       holding the
acquisition        New Huadu               regarding related    and in other relevant regulations. All related party transactions   March 23, 2017                         In progress
                                                                                                                                                       shares of
report or equity                           party transactions   involved will be carried out in accordance with the decision-
                                                                                                                                                       Yunnan Baiyao
change report                                                   making procedures for related party transactions for Yunnan
                                                                                                                                                       (directly and
                                                                Baiyao, and legal procedures will be followed to ensure not to
                                                                                                                                                       indirectly)
                                                                harm any legitimate rights and interest of Yunnan Baiyao and
                                                                any other shareholders through related party transactions. 3. If
                                                                New Huadu and any other enterprises under our control violate
                                                                any of the above statements and commitments, leading to any
                                                                damages to any rights and interest of Yunnan Baiyao, New
                                                                Huadu agrees to bear any and all of the corresponding
                                                                compensation liabilities for such damages so caused to
                                                                Yunnan Baiyao.
Commitments        State-owned Equity      Commitments          1. State-owned Equity Management Company has undertaken                                Remain
made during        Management Company,     regarding related    the previous commitments of SASAC of Yunnan Province:               October 31, 2018   effective during    In progress
asset              New Huadu and its       party transactions   After the completion of this significant asset restructuring,                          the period of

                                                                                                                                                                                     112
                                                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


restructuring   acting-in-concert parties   SASAC of Yunnan Province will try its best to avoid related                          holding the
                                            party transactions with the listed company. For inevitable                           shares of
                                            related party transactions or those occurring for reasonable                         Yunnan Baiyao
                                            reasons, SASAC of Yunnan Province will undertake to                                  (directly and
                                            conduct such transactions on an equal and voluntary basis in                         indirectly)
                                            the principles of fairness, impartiality, and compensation for
                                            equal value, with the transaction prices to be determined based
                                            on the reasonable prices recognized in the market. SASAC of
                                            Yunnan Province will strictly comply with the provisions of
                                            relevant laws, regulations, normative documents, and the
                                            articles of association of the listed company, perform the
                                            decision-making procedures and information disclosure
                                            obligations for related party transactions, and warrant not to
                                            harm any legitimate rights and interest of the listed company
                                            and any other shareholders through related party transactions.
                                            This commitment letter shall come into effect and be
                                            irrevocable as of the date of official signature by SASAC of
                                            Yunnan Province. SASAC of Yunnan Province warrants the
                                            effective fulfillment of these commitments, and the listed
                                            company has the right to supervise its fulfillment of this
                                            commitment letter. If SASAC of Yunnan Province fails to
                                            effectively fulfill this commitment letter, leading to any actual
                                            losses to the listed company, SASAC of Yunnan Province will
                                            compensate for any and all of such direct or indirect losses so
                                            caused to the listed company.
                                            2. New Huadu and its acting-in-concert parties undertake that:
                                            after the completion of this merger and overall listing, our
                                            company/I and any enterprises under our/my control will try
                                            the best to avoid related party transactions with the listed
                                            company. For inevitable related party transactions or those
                                            occurring for reasonable reasons, our company/I undertake (s)
                                            to conduct such transactions on an equal and voluntary basis
                                            in the principles of fairness, impartiality, and compensation for
                                            equal value, with the transaction prices to be determined based
                                            on the reasonable prices recognized in the market. Our
                                            company/I and any other enterprises under our/my control will
                                            strictly comply with the provisions of relevant laws,

                                                                                                                                                               113
                                                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                            regulations, normative documents, and the articles of
                                                            association of the listed company, perform the decision-
                                                            making procedures and information disclosure obligations for
                                                            related party transactions, and warrant not to harm any
                                                            legitimate rights and interest of the listed company and any
                                                            other shareholders through related party transactions. This
                                                            commitment letter shall come into effect and be irrevocable as
                                                            of the date of official signature by our company/me. Our
                                                            company/I warrant(s) the effective fulfillment of these
                                                            commitments, and the listed company has the right to
                                                            supervise the fulfillment of this commitment letter. If our
                                                            company/I fail(s) to effectively fulfill this commitment letter,
                                                            leading to any actual losses to the listed company, our
                                                            company/I will compensate for any and all of such direct or
                                                            indirect losses so caused to the listed company.
                                                            After the completion of this merger and overall listing, our
                                                            company/institution will maintain independence from the
                                                            listed company in terms of personnel, assets, business,
                                                            institutions, and finance in accordance with relevant laws,
                                                            regulations, and normative documents. We will not, by virtue
                                                            of the identity as a related party of the listed company, engage
                                                            in the acts that affect the independence of the listed company’s
                                                                                                                                                  Remain
                                                            personnel, assets, business, institutions, and finances, or harm
                                                                                                                                                  effective during
                                          Commitments to    any rights and interest of the listed company and any other
Commitments                                                                                                                                       the period of
                State-owned Equity        maintain the      shareholders. Instead, we will effectively ensure the
made during                                                                                                                                       holding the
                Management Company,       independence of   independence of the listed company in terms of personnel,          October 31, 2018                       In progress
asset                                                                                                                                             shares of
                New Huadu                 the listed        assets, business, institutions, finance, etc. This commitment
restructuring                                                                                                                                     Yunnan Baiyao
                                          company           letter shall come into effect and be irrevocable as of the date
                                                                                                                                                  (directly and
                                                            of official signature by our company/institution. Our
                                                                                                                                                  indirectly)
                                                            company/institution warrants the effective fulfillment of these
                                                            commitments, and the listed company has the right to
                                                            supervise the fulfillment of this commitment letter. If our
                                                            company/institution fails to effectively fulfill this commitment
                                                            letter, leading to any actual losses to the listed company, our
                                                            company/institution will compensate for any and all of such
                                                            direct or indirect losses so caused to the listed company.
Commitments     Baiyao Holdings, State-   Commitments       If Yunnan Baiyao and its subsidiaries within the scope of its       December 11,      Remain              In progress

                                                                                                                                                                                114
                                                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


made during     owned Equity              regarding real      consolidated financial statements, and, Baiyao Holdings and            2018          effective during
asset           Management Company,       estate business     its subsidiaries within the scope of its consolidated financial                      the period of
restructuring   New Huadu                                     statements engaged in any illegal activities in the domestic real                    holding the
                                                              estate development business during the reporting period, such                        shares of
                                                              as undisclosed land vacancy, speculation of land, property                           Yunnan Baiyao
                                                              hoarding, and price gouging, which have caused any losses to                         (directly and
                                                              Yunnan Baiyao and investors, our company/institution will                            indirectly)
                                                              bear any and all of corresponding compensation liabilities for
                                                              such losses as required by relevant laws, regulations and
                                                              securities regulatory authorities.
                                                              If Yunnan Baiyao and its subsidiaries within the scope of its
                                                              consolidated financial statements, and, Baiyao Holdings and
                                                              its subsidiaries within the scope of its consolidated financial
                                                              statements engaged in any illegal activities in the domestic real
Commitments
                Directors and senior      Commitments         estate development business during the reporting period, such
made during                                                                                                                       December 11,     Remain
                management of the         regarding real      as undisclosed land vacancy, speculation of land, property                                               In progress
asset                                                                                                                                2018          effective
                listed company            estate business     hoarding, and price gouging, which have caused any losses to
restructuring
                                                              Yunnan Baiyao and investors, I will bear any and all of the
                                                              corresponding compensation liabilities for such losses as
                                                              required by relevant laws, regulations and securities regulatory
                                                              authorities.
                                                              1. Our company/institution will not interfere with any
                                                              operation and management activities of the listed company
                                                              beyond authority, nor will it encroach on any interest of the
                                                              listed company.
                                                              2. After the date of issuance of this commitment letter, if the                      Remain
                                          Commitments         securities regulatory authorities make other regulatory                              effective during
Commitments     Baiyao Holdings, State-   regarding           requirements regarding compensatory measures and related                             the period of
made during     owned Equity              compensatory        commitments, and the above commitments fail to meet such            December 11,     holding the
                                                                                                                                                                       In progress
asset           Management Company,       measures after      new regulatory regulations of the securities regulatory                2018          shares of
restructuring   New Huadu                 dilution of         authorities, our company/institution will undertake to issue                         Yunnan Baiyao
                                          immediate returns   supplementary commitments in accordance with their then                              (directly and
                                                              latest relevant regulations.                                                         indirectly)
                                                              3. Our company/institution undertakes to effectively fulfill the
                                                              relevant compensatory measures formulated by the listed
                                                              company and the relevant commitments made by our
                                                              company/institution. If our company/institution violates these

                                                                                                                                                                                 115
                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                              commitments and causes any losses to the listed company or
                                                              investors, our company/institution is willing to legally bear
                                                              any and all of the corresponding compensation liabilities for
                                                              such losses.
                                                              1. I undertake not to transfer benefits to any other units or
                                                              individuals without compensations or under unfair conditions,
                                                              nor to harm any interest of the listed company in any other
                                                              way. 2. I undertake to restrain my official consumption. 3. I
                                                              undertake not to use the assets of the listed company to engage
                                                              in investment or consumption activities unrelated to my duties.
                                                              4. I undertake that the compensation system to be formulated
                                                              by the Board of Directors or Remuneration Committee in the
                                                              future will be linked to the implementation of compensatory
                                                              measures taken by the listed company. 5. I undertake that the
                                          Commitments
                                                              exercise conditions of the listed company’s equity incentives
Commitments                               regarding
                Directors, supervisors,                       to be announced in the future will be linked to the
made during                               compensatory                                                                              December 11,      Remain
                and senior management                         implementation of the compensatory measures taken by the                                                    In progress
asset                                     measures after                                                                               2018           effective
                of the listed company                         listed company. 6. I undertake to effectively fulfill the relevant
restructuring                             dilution of
                                                              compensatory measures formulated by the listed company and
                                          immediate returns
                                                              any commitments made by myself regarding compensatory
                                                              measures. If I violate or refuse to fulfill any of the above
                                                              commitments, leading to any losses to the listed company or
                                                              any and all of its shareholders, I’m willing to legally bear any
                                                              and all of the corresponding compensation liabilities. This
                                                              commitment letter shall come into effect as of the date of my
                                                              signature and shall constitute a binding legal document on me
                                                              upon its effectiveness. If I violate this commitment letter, I’m
                                                              willing to bear any and all of the corresponding legal
                                                              liabilities.
                                                              1. State-owned Equity Management Company has undertaken                                 Remain
                                                              the previous commitments of SASAC of Yunnan Province: In                                effective during
Commitments                               Commitments         order to avoid horizontal competition with the listed company                           the period of
                State-owned Equity
made during                               regarding           and safeguard the legitimate rights and interest of the listed                          holding the
                Management Company,                                                                                                October 31, 2018                       In progress
asset                                     horizontal          company and other shareholders, State-owned Equity                                      shares of
                New Huadu
restructuring                             competition         Management Company solemnly makes the following                                         Yunnan Baiyao
                                                              statements and commitments: After the completion of this                                (directly and
                                                              transaction, State-owned Equity Management Company will                                 indirectly)

                                                                                                                                                                                    116
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


not directly engage in any businesses that are the same as or
similar to, and constitute a competition with, the principal
businesses of the listed company.
2. New Huadu undertakes that: As of the issuance date of this
commitment letter, our company and any enterprises under our
control have not invested in any company, enterprise or other
operating entity engaged in any business the same as, or
similar to, the principal businesses of the listed company or co-
operating or co-engaged, with others, in business the same as,
or similar to, the principal businesses of the listed company.
After the completion of this transaction, our company and any
enterprises under our control will not directly or indirectly
engage in any form (including but not limited to investment,
M&A, affiliation, joint ventures, cooperation, partnership,
contracting or leasing operations, and equity participation) in
businesses that are the same as or similar to, and constitute a
competition with, the principal businesses of the listed
company, nor will we directly or indirectly own any absolute
or relative control over any other companies, enterprises or
operating entities that engage in businesses that are the same
as or similar to, and constitute a competition with the principal
businesses of the listed company.
During the commitment period mentioned above, if the listed
company actually further expands its existing principal
businesses, and our company and any enterprises under our
control have not yet engaged in production or operation of
such new businesses, our company and any enterprises under
our control will not engage in such new businesses that
compete with the principal businesses of the listed company
unless the listed company notifies us in writing that it would
no longer engage in such new businesses.
During the aforementioned commitment period, if our
company and any enterprises under our control obtain from
any third party any business opportunity that competes or may
compete with the principal businesses of the listed company,
we shall immediately notify the listed company. If the listed
company provides a positive response that it is willing to take

                                                                                                                   117
                                                                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                            advantage of that business opportunity within the reasonable
                                                            period specified in the notice, our company and any enterprises
                                                            under our control will abandon that business opportunity.
                                                            If our company and any enterprises under our control violate
                                                            any of the above statements and commitments, leading to any
                                                            damages to any rights and interest of the listed company, our
                                                            company agrees to bear any and all of the corresponding
                                                            compensation liabilities for such damages so caused to the
                                                            listed company.
                                                            Our company/I has/have provided necessary, authentic,
                                                            accurate, complete, and effective documents, materials, or oral
                                                            statements and explanations for this transaction at this stage,
                                                            without any concealments, false records, or significant
                                                            omissions. The provided copy materials or photocopies are
                                                            consistent and aligned with the original materials or originals.
                                                            The signatures and seals on the provided documents and
                                                            materials are authentic, with necessary legal procedures for
                                                            such signatures and seals having been fulfilled, and legal
                                          Commitments
                                                            authorizations having been obtained. All statements and
                                          regarding the
Commitments                                                 explanations of facts are consistent with the facts that
                Directors, supervisors,   authenticity,
made during                                                 occurred. According to the progress of this transaction, our                         Remain
                and senior management     accuracy, and                                                                         June 10, 2021                        In progress
asset                                                       company/I will provide relevant information and documents in                         effective
                of the listed company     completeness of
restructuring                                               a timely manner in accordance with relevant laws, regulations,
                                          the information
                                                            rules, and relevant provisions of the CSRC and the stock
                                          provided
                                                            exchange, and ensure that the information and documents to
                                                            be constantly provided still meet the requirements of
                                                            authenticity, accuracy, completeness, and effectiveness. Our
                                                            company/I undertake (s) and warrant (s) the information
                                                            provided or disclosed in this transaction is authentic, accurate,
                                                            complete, and effective, without false records, misleading
                                                            statements, or material omissions, and is/am willing to bear
                                                            any and all of the corresponding individual and joint legal
                                                            liabilities for that.
Commitments                               Commitments       As of the date of the issuance of this commitment, our
made during     State-owned Equity        regarding the     company has provided necessary, authentic, accurate,                                 Remain
                                                                                                                                June 10, 2021                        In progress
asset           Management Company        authenticity,     complete, and effective documents, materials, or oral                                effective
restructuring                             accuracy, and     statements and explanations for this transaction at this stage,

                                                                                                                                                                               118
                                                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                            completeness of   without any concealments, false records, or significant
                                            the information   omissions. The provided copy materials or photocopies are
                                            provided          consistent and aligned with the original materials or originals.
                                                              The signatures and seals on the provided documents and
                                                              materials are authentic, with necessary legal procedures for
                                                              such signatures and seals having been fulfilled, and legal
                                                              authorizations having been obtained. All statements and
                                                              explanations of facts are consistent with the facts that
                                                              occurred. According to the progress of this transaction, our
                                                              company will provide relevant information and documents in
                                                              a timely manner in accordance with relevant laws, regulations,
                                                              rules, and relevant provisions of the CSRC and the stock
                                                              exchange, and ensure that the information and documents to
                                                              be constantly provided still meet the requirements of
                                                              authenticity, accuracy, completeness, and effectiveness. Our
                                                              company undertakes and warrants the information provided or
                                                              disclosed in this transaction is authentic, accurate, complete,
                                                              and effective, without false records, misleading statements, or
                                                              material omissions, and is willing to bear any and all of the
                                                              corresponding individual and joint legal liabilities for that.
                                                              Our company and our acting-in-concert parties have provided
                                                              necessary, authentic, accurate, complete, and effective
                                                              documents, materials, or oral statements and explanations for
                                                              this transaction at this stage, without any concealments, false
                                                              records, or significant omissions. The provided copy materials
                                            Commitments       or photocopies are consistent and aligned with the original
                                            regarding the     materials or originals. The signatures and seals on the provided
Commitments
                New Huadu and its           authenticity,     documents and materials are authentic, with necessary legal
made during                                                                                                                                       Remain
                acting-in-concert parties   accuracy, and     procedures for such signatures and seals having been fulfilled,    June 10, 2021                        In progress
asset                                                                                                                                             effective
                                            completeness of   and legal authorizations having been obtained. All statements
restructuring
                                            the information   and explanations of facts are consistent with the facts that
                                            provided          occurred. According to the progress of this transaction, our
                                                              company and our acting-in-concert parties will provide
                                                              relevant information and documents in a timely manner in
                                                              accordance with relevant laws, regulations, rules, and relevant
                                                              provisions of the CSRC and the stock exchange, and ensure
                                                              that the information and documents to be constantly provided

                                                                                                                                                                                119
                                                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                              still meet the requirements of authenticity, accuracy,
                                                              completeness, and effectiveness. Our company and our acting-
                                                              in-concert parties undertake and warrant the information
                                                              provided or disclosed in this significant asset restructuring is
                                                              authentic, accurate, complete, and effective, without false
                                                              records, misleading statements, or material omissions, and are
                                                              willing to bear any and all of the corresponding individual and
                                                              joint legal liabilities for that.
                                                              1. I undertake not to transfer benefits to any other units or
                                                              individuals without compensations or under unfair conditions,
                                                              nor to harm any interest of the listed company in any other
                                                              way. 2. I undertake to restrain my official consumption. 3. I
                                                              undertake not to use the assets of the listed company to engage
                                                              in investment or consumption activities unrelated to my duties.
                                                              4. I undertake that the compensation system to be formulated
                                                              by the Board of Directors or Remuneration Committee in the
                                                              future will be linked to the implementation of compensatory
                                          Commitments         measures taken by the listed company. 5. If the listed company
                                          regarding           subsequently introduces equity incentive policies, I undertake
Commitments                               compensatory        that the exercise conditions of the listed company’s equity
                Directors, supervisors,
made during                               measures after      incentives to be announced in the future will be linked to the                      Remain
                and senior management                                                                                            June 10, 2021                        In progress
asset                                     diluting            implementation of the compensatory measures taken by the                            effective
                of the listed company
restructuring                             immediate returns   listed company. 6. If, during the period after the date of
                                          by this             issuance of this commitment letter and before the completion
                                          restructuring       of this transaction by the listed company, the CSRC makes
                                                              other regulatory requirements regarding compensatory
                                                              measures and related commitments, and the above
                                                              commitments fail to meet such new regulatory regulations of
                                                              the CSRC, I undertake to issue supplementary commitments
                                                              in accordance with the then latest CSRC regulations. 7. If I
                                                              violate any of the above commitments, leading to any losses to
                                                              the listed company or investors, I’m willing to legally bear any
                                                              and all of the corresponding compensation liabilities for such
                                                              losses so caused to the listed company or investors.
Commitments                               Commitments to      1. On October 31, 2018, SASAC of Yunnan Province, as a
                State-owned Equity                                                                                                                Remain
made during                               maintain the        shareholder of the listed company, issued the Commitment           June 10, 2021                        In progress
                Management Company                                                                                                                effective
asset                                     independence of     Letter of SASAC of Yunnan Province on Maintaining the

                                                                                                                                                                                120
                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


restructuring                               the listed          Independence of the Listed Company, Commitment Letter of
                                            company, reduce     SASAC of Yunnan Province on Reducing and Regulating
                                            and regulate        Related Party Transactions, and Commitment Letter of SASAC
                                            related party       of Yunnan Province on Avoiding Horizontal Competition. On
                                            transactions, and   April 7, 2020, our company issued the Commitment Letter of
                                            avoid horizontal    State-owned Equity Management Company on Its
                                            competition         Undertaking of the Relevant Commitments Made in the
                                                                Process of Yunnan Baiyao’s Merger Transaction by SASAC of
                                                                Yunnan Province (hereinafter referred to as the “Commitment
                                                                Letter on Undertaking”), committing to fully undertake, as of
                                                                the date of completion of this equity transfer (calculated from
                                                                the date of registration of the underlying equity in the name of
                                                                our company), the responsibilities and obligations specified in
                                                                the commitment documents previously made by SASAC of
                                                                Yunnan Province and continuously effective at the time of this
                                                                equity transfer as set out in the following list. The list includes
                                                                the foregoing three commitment letters issued by SASAC of
                                                                Yunnan Province. 2. As of the date of signing this commitment
                                                                letter, our company has always strictly fulfilled the
                                                                commitments to maintain the independence of the listed
                                                                company, reduce and regulate related party transactions, and
                                                                avoid horizontal competition in accordance with the
                                                                requirements of the Commitment Letter on Undertaking, and
                                                                has not violated any of the commitments made. After the
                                                                completion of this transaction, our company will continue to
                                                                strictly fulfill the Commitment Letter on Undertaking to
                                                                safeguard the interest of the listed company and any and all of
                                                                its shareholders.
                                            Commitments to      1. As of the date of signing this commitment letter, our
                                            maintain the        company has always strictly fulfilled the Commitment Letter
                                            independence of     on Maintaining the Independence of the Listed Company,
Commitments
                                            the listed          Commitment Letter on Reducing and Regulating Related Party
made during     New Huadu and its                                                                                                                      Remain
                                            company, reduce     Transactions, and Commitment Letter on Avoiding Horizontal            June 10, 2021                        In progress
asset           acting-in-concert parties                                                                                                              effective
                                            and regulate        Competition all issued on October 31, 2018. Our company’s
restructuring
                                            related party       acting-in-concert parties have always strictly fulfilled the
                                            transactions, and   Commitment Letter on Reducing and Regulating Related Party
                                            avoid horizontal    Transactions issued on October 31, 2018, and have not

                                                                                                                                                                                     121
                                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


competition   violated any of the commitments made. After the completion
              of this transaction, our company and our acting-in-concert
              parties will continue to strictly fulfill this commitment letter to
              safeguard the interest of the listed company and any and all of
              its shareholders.
              2. After the completion of this transaction, our company’s
              acting-in-concert parties will maintain independence from the
              listed company in terms of personnel, assets, business,
              institutions, and finance in accordance with relevant laws,
              regulations, and normative documents, and will not, by virtue
              of the identity as a shareholder and a related party of the listed
              company, engage in the acts that affect the independence of
              the listed company’s personnel, assets, business, institutions,
              and finances, or harm any rights and interest of the listed
              company and other shareholders. Instead, they will effectively
              ensure the independence of the listed company in terms of
              personnel, assets, business, institutions, finance, etc.
              3. As of the date of signing this commitment letter, our
              company’s acting-in-concert parties and any other companies
              or enterprises under their control have not engaged in any
              business that constitute a horizontal competition with the
              principal businesses of the listed company and any other
              companies or enterprises under its control. In order to avoid
              horizontal competition with the listed company and safeguard
              the legitimate rights and interest of the listed company and
              other shareholders, after the completion of this transaction, our
              company’s acting-in-concert parties and any other companies
              or enterprises under their control will not directly engage in
              businesses that are the same as, or similar to, and constitute a
              competition with, the principal businesses of the listed
              company.
              4. This commitment letter shall come into effect and be
              irrevocable as of the date of official signature by our company
              and our acting-in-concert parties. Our company and our
              acting-in-concert parties warrant the effective fulfillment of
              these commitments, and the listed company has the right to
              supervise their fulfillment of this commitment letter. If our

                                                                                                                                   122
                                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                      company and our acting-in-concert parties fail to effectively
                                                      fulfill this commitment letter, leading to any actual losses to
                                                      the listed company, our company and our acting-in-concert
                                                      parties will compensate for any and all of such direct or
                                                      indirect losses so caused to the listed company.
                                                      During the period when our company is a related party of
                                                      Shanghai Pharma, our company and any other companies or
                                                      enterprises under our control will try the best to avoid and
                                                      reduce related party transactions with Shanghai Pharma and its
                                                      subsidiaries. For inevitable related party transactions or those
                                                      occurring for reasonable reasons, our company undertakes to
                                                      conduct such transactions on an equal and voluntary basis in
                                                      the principles of fairness, impartiality, and compensation for
                                                      equal value, with the transaction prices to be determined based
                                                      on the reasonable prices recognized in the market. Our
                                                      company will strictly comply with the provisions of relevant
Commitments                      Commitments to       laws, regulations, normative documents, and the Articles of
made during                      reduce and           Association of Shanghai Pharma, perform the decision-                               Remain
                Listed company                                                                                           June 10, 2021                        In progress
asset                            regulate related     making procedures and information disclosure obligations for                        effective
restructuring                    party transactions   related party transactions, and warrant not to harm any
                                                      legitimate rights and interest of Shanghai Pharma and any
                                                      other shareholders through related party transactions. This
                                                      commitment letter shall come into effect and be irrevocable as
                                                      of the date of official signature by our company. Our company
                                                      warrants the effective fulfillment of these commitments, and
                                                      Shanghai Pharma has the right to supervise the fulfillment of
                                                      this commitment letter. If our company fails to effectively
                                                      fulfill this commitment letter, leading to any actual losses to
                                                      Shanghai Pharma, our company will compensate for any and
                                                      all of such direct or indirect losses so caused to Shanghai
                                                      Pharma.
                                                      Shanghai Pharma’s shares subscribed by our company through                          Thirty-six
Commitments                                           this transaction shall not be transferred within 36 months from                     months from the
                                 Commitments
made during                                           the end of the issuance of these shares. After the expiration of                    end of the
                Listed company   regarding lock-up                                                                       May 11, 2021                         Completed
asset                                                 the aforementioned lockup period, the transfer and trading of                       issuance of new
                                 shares
restructuring                                         such shares shall be handled in accordance with the then                            shares by
                                                      effective laws and regulations, as well as the regulations and                      Shanghai

                                                                                                                                                                        123
                                                                                                                                            2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                        rules of the CSRC, SZSE, and SHSE. After the completion of                           Pharma
                                                                        this transaction, our company will also arrange a lockup period
                                                                        as described above for our any increased stake in Shanghai
                                                                        Pharma after it issues bonus shares or convert public reserve
                                                                        funds into share capital.
 Whether the
 commitments
                    Yes
 are fulfilled as
 scheduled
 If any commitment is not fully fulfilled as scheduled, specific cause and action plan should be provided in detail                       Not applicable


2. Statement of the Company that the assets or projects have met the original profit forecast and the reasons for that if there is a profit forecast for the
Company’s assets or projects and the reporting period is still in the profit forecast period

□Applicable           RNot applicable
3. Performance commitments that the Company is involved in
RApplicable           □Not applicable

                                                                                               Amount of                            Percentage of
                                                                                                                Actual amount
        Background                      Made by                  Period         Metric        commitment                             completion
                                                                                                                 (RMB’0,000)
                                                                                              (RMB’0,000)                               (%)

 Full acquisition of Anguo    Ma Xinhong, Ma
                                                                              Operating
 Juyaotang Pharmaceutical     Zhanjiang, Zhang Shuang,           2025                                 62,400          65,472.44           104.92%
                                                                              revenue
 Co., Ltd.                    Shi Yuexin, and Shi Guang

 Full acquisition of Anguo    Ma Xinhong, Ma
                                                                              Net
 Juyaotang Pharmaceutical     Zhanjiang, Zhang Shuang,           2025                                  6,600            7,987.76          121.03%
                                                                              income
 Co., Ltd.                    Shi Yuexin, and Shi Guang

     Changes in the performance commitments
     □Applicable RNot applicable
     Commitments made by the Company’s shareholders and counterparties regarding operating performance in the reporting year
     RApplicable □Not applicable

                                                                                                                                                                                           124
                                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


     (1) Period for the performance commitments
     The former shareholders of Juyaotang (Ma Xinhong, Ma Zhanjiang, Zhang Shuang, Shi Yuexin, and Shi Guang)
agreed to make commitments regarding the audited net income and operating revenue that Juyaotang will earn during the
period from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2027 (“Period for the Performance Commitments”), and compensate TCM
Resources Company if Juyaotang fails to achieve the targeted net income and operating revenue amounts. Juyaotang shall
cooperate with TCM Resources Company to make sure that the financial audit of Juyaotang can be completed by April
30 each year, and determine whether the performance commitments are delivered according to the audit results.
     The “net income” refers to the one given in the consolidated financial statements of Juyaotang, which excludes the
non-recurring gains and losses, as well as the provision for credit and impairment losses and corresponding income tax
expenses, as confirmed by an accounting firm designated or approved by TCM Resources Company. It may, however,
include government subsidies that don’t exceed RMB 5 million.
     (2) Performance targets
     The targeted net income and operating revenue amounts of Juyaotang during the period are as follows:

               Year                           2025                    2026                     2027                      Total

       Targeted net income                RMB 66 M               RMB 59.7 M               RMB 63.9 M                RMB 189.6 M

   Targeted operating revenue             RMB 624 M               RMB 616 M                RMB 666 M                RMB 1.906 B

     Juyaotang shall issue an audit report before April 30 each year to facilitate both parties in determining whether the
performance targets are met. If Juyaotang fails to meet the performance targets, its current shareholders shall compensate
TCM Resources Company as agreed in the Equity Transfer Agreement within the deadline set out by the latter. At the
end of the period for the performance commitments, if TCM Resources Company confirms that Juyaotang has fulfilled
the performance commitments outlined in the Equity Transfer Agreement, it shall pay the remaining 20% to Juyaotang
within ten work days after issuance of the annual audit report for 2027 (no later than April 30, 2028). If compensation is
needed, the current shareholders of Juyaotang shall make the payment in accordance with the relevant stipulations of the
Equity Transfer Agreement.
     (3) Special arrangement regarding dividends
     The current shareholders of Juyaotang agree to waive their right to get dividends regarding its accumulated
undistributed profits as of the base date and the closing date, and confirm that they no longer have any dividend rights for
any profits of Juyaotang.
Fulfillment of the performance commitments and its impact on goodwill impairment test
     In 2025, Juyaotang achieved a net income of RMB 79.8776 million after applying the adjustment mechanism, with
an operating revenue of RMB 654.7244 million. It fulfilled the above-mentioned performance commitments for the
current period, thus leaving no impact on goodwill impairment test.


II. Occupation of the Company’s Capital by the Controlling Shareholder or any of Its Related
Parties for Non-Operating Purposes

     □Applicable RNot applicable
      During the reporting period, there was no occupation of the Company’s capital by the controlling shareholder or any of its
related parties for non-operating purposes.


III. Non-compliant Provision of External Guarantees

     □Applicable RNot applicable
     There was no non-compliant provision of external guarantees during the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                   125
                                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


IV. Explanation of the Board on the “Modified Audit Report” for the Latest Period

     □Applicable RNot applicable


V. Explanations Given by the Board of Directors and Independent Directors (if any)
Regarding the Auditor’s “Modified Audit Report” on the Financial Statements of the
Reporting Period

     □Applicable RNot applicable

VI. Explanation on Changes in Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates or Rectification
on Significant Accounting Errors as Compared with the Financial Report for the Previous
Year
     □Applicable RNot applicable
      There was no change in the accounting policies and accounting estimates or rectification on significant accounting errors
during the reporting period.


VII. Explanation on the Change in Consolidation Scope as Compared with the Financial Report
for the Previous Year

     RApplicable □Not applicable
     For details, please refer to “IX. Changes in the Consolidation Scope” under Section VIII.


VIII. Appointment and Removal of Accounting Firm

     Currently engaged accounting firm

 Name of domestic accounting firm                                   Pan-China Certified Public Accountants LLP (SGP)
 Remuneration for domestic accounting firm (RMB 0’000)              248.80
 Number of consecutive years of audit services of the domestic
                                                                    1
 accounting firm
 Names of certified public accountants of the domestic
                                                                    Huang Yuanxi, and Zhao Li
 accounting firm
 Number of consecutive years of audit services of certified
                                                                    1
 public accountants of the domestic accounting firm

     Whether to change the accounting firm in the current period?
     RYes □No
     Was the accounting firm changed during the audit period?
     □Yes RNo
     Was the approval procedure followed to change the accounting firm?
     RYes □No
     Details about the appointment and change of accounting firm
      On August 15, 2025, the Company convened the fourth session of the Tenth Board of Directors for 2025, and on September 15,
2025, it held the first extraordinary general meeting of the same year, at which the Proposal on Change of the Company’s Auditor for
2025 (Including Internal Control Audit) was considered and approved. In view of the fact that Mazars Certified Public Accountants
(SGP) (hereinafter referred to as “Mazars”) had served the Company for nine years, the Company, through an invitation-based bidding
process, changed its accounting firm for 2025 and appointed Pan-China Certified Public Accountants LLP (SGP) (hereinafter referred
to as “Pan-China”) as its auditor for 2025 (including internal control audit) in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
                                                                                                                                  126
                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


               Administrative Measures for the Selection and Engagement of Accounting Firms by State-owned Enterprises and Listed Companies
               (Cai Kuai (2023) No. 4) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the
               State Council, and the China Securities Regulatory Commission, and after comprehensive consideration of its development and
               management needs.
                       The Company communicated with Mazars regarding the change of the accounting firm, and Mazars raised no objection to it.
                       Engagement of internal control audit accounting firms, financial advisers or sponsors
                       RApplicable □Not applicable

                       This year, the Company appointed Pan-China Certified Public Accountants LLP (SGP) as its internal control auditor for 2025 in

              accordance with the relevant provisions of the Administrative Measures for the Selection and Engagement of Accounting Firms by

              State-owned Enterprises and Listed Companies (Cai Kuai (2023) No. 4) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the State-owned Assets

              Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, and the China Securities Regulatory Commission, and after

              comprehensive consideration of its development and management needs, and paid a total of RMB 600,000 for internal control audit

              during the period.



               IX. Delisting after Disclosure of Annual Report

                       □Applicable RNot applicable


               X. Bankruptcy and Reorganization

                       □Applicable RNot applicable
                       There was no bankruptcy or restructuring related events during the reporting period.


               XI. Legal Matters

               RApplicable               □Not applicable

                                                 Any
Basic Information of                           Estimated         Litigation
                          Amount Involved                                             Litigation (Arbitration) Trial     Enforcement of Litigation   Disclosure   Disclosure
      Litigation                               Liability       (Arbitration)
                           (RMB’0,000)                                                     Results and Impacts            (Arbitration) Judgments      Date         Index
    (Arbitration)                              Caused or         Progress
                                                 Not

                                                           The first-instance
                                                           trial has commenced;
                                                           during the court
                                                           proceedings, the
Litigation case of                                         plaintiff, Shanghai
contract dispute                                           Yuanye Industrial
between Shanghai                                           Co., Ltd, applied to
                                                                                                                                                                  Interim
Yuanye Industrial                                          the court for                                                                             August 30,
                            157,531.78            No                               Not available                       Not available                              Report for
Co., Ltd and others                                        withdrawal of the                                                                           2025
                                                                                                                                                                  2025
v. Yunnan Baiyao                                           lawsuit on March 25,
Holding Investment                                         2026, and the court
Co., Ltd and others                                        issued a Civil Ruling
                                                           Paper on March 26,
                                                           2026, granting the
                                                           withdrawal of the
                                                           lawsuit by the

                                                                                                                                                                  127
                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                         plaintiff, Shanghai
                                                         Yuanye Industrial
                                                         Co., Ltd.
                                                         Some cases have
Summary of events
                                                         been filed to be tried;
not meeting the
                                                         some are being                                                  Some are in the process of
disclosure standards
                                                         under trials to be        Summary of litigation events has no   being fulfilled or are being
for being                    40,021.06          No
                                                         adjudicated; some         significant impact on the Company     enforced against the opposing
included in
                                                         have been                                                       party in litigation
significant litigation
                                                         adjudicated; some
(arbitration)
                                                         have been closed.



                XII. Punishments and Rectifications

                     □Applicable RNot applicable
                     There was no punishment or rectification involving the Company during the reporting period.


                XIII. Credit Quality of the Company as well as its Controlling Shareholder and De Facto
                Controller

                     □Applicable RNot applicable


                XIV. Significant Related Party Transactions

                1. Connected transactions in relation to daily operations

                     □Applicable RNot applicable
                     There were no related party transactions related to daily operations during the reporting period.


                2. Related party transactions arising from acquisition or sale of assets or equity

                     □Applicable RNot applicable
                     There were no related party transactions arising from acquisition or sale of assets or equity during the reporting period.


                3. Related party transactions regarding joint investments in third parties

                     □Applicable RNot applicable
                     There were no related party transactions regarding joint investments in third parties during the reporting period.


                4. Amounts due to and from related parties

                     □Applicable RNot applicable
                     There were no amounts due to and from related parties during the reporting period.


                5. Transactions with related finance companies

                     □Applicable RNot applicable
                   There were no deposit, loan, credit or other financial business occurring between the Company and its related finance
                companies/related parties.

                                                                                                                                                         128
                                                                               2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


6. Transactions with related parties by finance company controlled by the Company

   □Applicable RNot applicable
   There were no deposit, loan, credit or other financial business occurred between any finance companies under the control of the
Company and related parties.


7. Other significant related party transactions

   RApplicable □Not applicable
     The Company has made reasonable estimates on various other related party transactions, including purchases
and sales of goods, related to its daily operations, based on the needs of its daily operations in 2025. It is expected
that the aggregate total amount of daily related party transactions between the Company and Shanghai Pharma and
Tibet Jiushi Zhihe Marketing Co., Ltd in 2025 will be RMB 2,250,000,000, accounting for 5.79% of the Company’s
audited net assets of RMB 38,831,946,400 as at the end of 2024, which need to be reported to the 2024 shareholders’
meeting for consideration.
     The matter has been considered and approved at the first session of the Tenth Board of Directors of the
Company in 2025 and the Shareholders’ Meeting for 2024, details of which are set out in the Announcement on the
Estimation of Daily Related Party Transactions for 2025 (Announcement No. 2025-12), the Announcement on
Resolutions of the First Session of the Tenth Board of Directors of the Company for 2025 (Announcement No. 2025-
08), and the Announcement on Resolutions of the Annual General Meeting for 2024 (Announcement No. 2025-15).

     Enquiries on the online disclosure of interim announcement of significant related party transactions

                                                           Date of disclosure of        Website on which interim announcement is
            Name of interim announcement
                                                          interim announcement                         disclosed
   Announcement on the Estimation of Daily Related
                                                               April 1, 2025           http://www.cninfo.com.cn
   Party Transactions for 2025
   Announcement on Resolutions of the First Session
   of the Tenth Board of Directors of the Company              April 1, 2025           http://www.cninfo.com.cn
   for 2025
   Announcement on Resolutions of the Annual
                                                              April 21, 2025           http://www.cninfo.com.cn
   General Meeting for 2024


XV. Major Contracts and Their Performance

1. Entrustment, contracting and leases

(1) Entrustment
     □Applicable              RNot applicable
     There were no entrustment events of the Company during the reporting period.

(2) Contracting
     □Applicable              RNot applicable
     There were no contracting events of the Company during the reporting period.


(3) Leases
     □Applicable              RNot applicable

                                                                                                                                129
                                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                    There were no leases of the Company during the reporting period.


            2. Major guarantees
                    Applicable                      ☑Not applicable

                    There were no leases of the Company during the reporting period.

            3. Cash entrusted for wealth management

                (1) Entrusted wealth management

                    RApplicable                      □Not applicable

                    Overview of entrusted wealth management during the reporting period
                                                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB’0,000
                                                                                                        Balance of entrusted financial
                                                                                                                                                             Overdue amount
                       Product category                           Risk characteristics                 management during the reporting
                                                                                                                                                              unrecovered
                                                                                                                   period
                  Bank financial products               Self-owned capital                                                            192,000         0
                  Brokerage financial
                                                        Self-owned capital                                                            225,000         0
                  products
                 Specific situations where the Company, as a single principal, entrusts a financial institution to conduct asset management
            or invest in high-risk entrusted wealth management products with low security and poor liquidity
                    RApplicable                      □Not applicable
                                                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB’0,000
                                                                                                                          Actual
   Name of             Type of                                                                                          profit and
                                                                                                                                                                             Overview of the matter
  entrusted           entrusted         Risk         Product                                    End         Fund       loss amount   Actual recovery of profit and loss
                                                                      Amount       Start date                                                                               and relevant query index
institution (or      institution   characteristics   category                                   date     investment     during the      during the reporting period
                                                                                                                                                                                     (if any)
   trustee)         (or trustee)                                                                                         reporting
                                                                                                                           period



                                                                                                                                     On February 27, 2026, YNBY
                                                                                                                                     International Limited allotted and
                                                                                                                                     issued 1,937,984,496 shares of
                                                                                                                                     YNBY International to Shanghai
                                                                                                                                                                           https://www.cninfo.com.c
                                                                                                                                     International Trust Corp., Ltd, the
Shanghai                                                                                                                                                                   n/new/disclosure/detail?st
                                                     Fixed-                                                                          designated trustee of Yunnan
International                                                                      October              Credit                                                             ockCode=000538&announ
                   Trust           --                income        HKD50,000.00                 --                         -978.45   Baiyao, at a conversion price of
Trust Corp.,                                                                       28, 2020             assets                                                             cementId=1224988569&o
                                                     fund trust                                                                      HKD0.258 per share. After the
Ltd.                                                                                                                                                                       rgId=gssz0000538&annou
                                                                                                                                     conversion, the Company will
                                                                                                                                                                           ncementTime=2026-02-28
                                                                                                                                     implement the subsequent matters
                                                                                                                                     related to the trust products in
                                                                                                                                     accordance with the determined
                                                                                                                                     plan and operational procedures.




Total                                                               HKD50,000.00         --      --          --            -978.45                   --                                --



            (2) Entrusted loan

                  □Applicable                        RNot applicable
                  The Company did not have any entrusted loan during the reporting period.

            4. Other Significant Contracts
                  □Applicable           RNot applicable
                  There were no other significant contracts of the Company during the reporting period.
            XVI. Use of Raised Funds
                                                                                                                                                                                    130
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


   □Applicable    RNot applicable
   There was no use of raised funds of the Company during the reporting period.

XVII. Explanation for Other Significant Events

    RApplicable □Not applicable

     1. Progress on the establishment of a fund through joint investment with a professional investment

institution

     On January 7, 2025, the Company signed the Supplementary Agreement to the Agreement of Yunnan

TCM Big Health Innovation Equity Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) with BOC International

Capital Limited, which made corresponding supplementary provisions to the previously signed Agreement of

Yunnan TCM Big Health Innovation Equity Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership). According to the

notification from the fund manager, the partnership has completed its business registration and has gone through

the private equity fund filing procedures with the Asset Management Association of China. Details can be found in

the Announcement on the Progress of Joint Investment with a Professional Investment Institution to

Establish a Fund (Announcement No. 2025-01) disclosed by the Company at http://www.cninfo.com.cn on January

9, 2025. Currently, the initial paid-in capital contribution (10% of the total subscribed capital contribution) for the

partnership has been fully made.

     2. Expiration and completion of the shareholding increase plan

     On February 7, 2025, the Company disclosed the Announcement on Expiration and Completion of the

Shareholding Increase Plan (Announcement No. 202507). From August 6, 2024 to February 5, 2025, Yunnan State-

owned Equity Operation Management Co., Ltd increased its shareholding in the Company by 17,807,463 shares

through the trading system of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange by way of centralized bidding transactions, the number

of shares increased accounted for 0.9980% of the total share capital of the Company, and the cumulative amount of

the increase in shareholding amounted to RMB 950,379,399.02. As of the date of disclosure of the Announcement,

the term of the Shareholding Increase Plan expired and the Shareholding Increase Plan was completed.

     3. Progress of R&D projects

     On April 9, 2025, the Company disclosed the Announcement on the Approval of INR102 Injection for

Drug Clinical Trial (Announcement No. 2025-14), and Yunhe Pharmaceutical (Tianjin) Co., Ltd (“Yunhe
Pharmaceutical”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, received the Notification of Approval for Drug

Clinical Trial (Notification No. 2025LP01012) issued by the National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”),

which stated that according to examination, the clinical trial application of INR102 Injection of Yunhe

                                                                                                                      131
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



Pharmaceutical complied with the relevant requirements for drug registration, and that it was approved for clinical

trials in patients with prostate cancer. On June 18, 2025, the Company disclosed the Announcement on Approval of

JZ-14 Capsule for Drug Clinical Trial (Announcement No. 2025-20), and Yunbaiyao Zhengwu Technology

(Shanghai) Co., Ltd, a controlled subsidiary of the Company, recently received the Notification of Approval for

Drug Clinical Trial (Notification No. 2025LP01506, 2025LP01507) issued by the NMPA, which stated that

according to examination, the clinical trial application of JZ-14 Capsule of Zhengwu Technology complied with the

relevant requirements for drug registration, and that it was approved for clinical trials for ulcerative colitis.

     4. Progress of external investments

     (1) Full acquisition of Juyaotang

     On August 16, 2025, the Company disclosed the Announcement on Full Acquisition of Anguo Juyaotang

Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (Announcement No. 2025-25). In response to the call of Yunnan Provincial People’s

Government for high-quality development of the TCM materials industry in the province, and in alignment with its

own strategic development goals, the Company aims to better promote the sales of TCM materials within Yunnan,

accelerate the nationwide expansion of Yunnan Baiyao-related businesses, increase the size of operations, and

enhance the collaborative efficiency of the TCM material industry chain. In fact, TCM Resources Company, a

wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has acquired 100% equity of Juyaotang in cash. The equity transfer

consideration is RMB 660 million. Upon completion of the transaction, TCM Resources Company will hold

Juyaotang 100%.

     So far, the equity change registration of Juyaotang has been completed, making Juyaotang a wholly-owned

subsidiary of TCM Resources Company and part of Yunnan Baiyao as well. Yunnan Baiyao has assigned executive

director, financial controller and other officers to engage with the various business lines of Juyaotang, for full

integration and exertion of their respective strengths.

     (2) Termination of the capital increase in Pu’er Liangbao and Liangpin Yikang

     On August 16, 2025, the Company disclosed the Announcement of the Resolutions of the Fourth Session of the

Tenth Board of Directors in 2025 (Announcement No. 2025-23), according to which the Board of Directors agreed

that the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary TCM Resources Company should increase its capital contributions to

Pu’er Liangbao Biotechnology Co., Ltd (hereinafter referred to as “Pu’er Liangbao”) and Pu’er Liangpin Yikang

Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (hereinafter referred to as “Liangpin Yikang”) in cash by RMB 56.2044 million and RMB

19.2865 million respectively. After the capital increase, TCM Resources Company would hold 51% of the equity

in Pu’er Liangbao and 51% of the equity in Liangpin Yikang. To efficiently drive these transactions and make sure
                                                                                                                      132
                                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



that they would be implemented in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and in an orderly manner, the

Board of Directors authorized the Group Office Meetings to handle matters related to these transactions within the

scope of the applicable laws and regulations and within the framework of the transaction agreement.

     Whereas Pu’er Liangbao and Liangpin Yikang failed to fulfill the prerequisites for this capital increase as per

the signed transaction agreement, and to meet the equity delivery requirements, Yunnan Baiyao decided to terminate

its capital increase in Pu’er Liangbao and Liangpin Yikang. Additionally, TCM Resources Company signed an

agreement with Pu’er Liangbao, Liangpin Yikang and other relevant parties to terminate the Capital Increase

Agreement and the Valuation Adjustment Mechanism Agreement.

     5. Completion of non-public issuance of exchangeable corporate bonds by shareholders

     On October 24, 2025, the Company disclosed the Announcement on Completion of the Non-public Issuance of

Exchangeable Corporate Bonds by Shareholders Holding More Than 5% of the Shares (Announcement No. 2025-

35). New Huadu, a shareholder holding more than 5% of the Company’s shares, issued non-public exchangeable

corporate bonds (hereinafter referred to as “the exchangeable bonds”) with part of its A-shares as the underlying,

and obtained the Letter of No Objection Regarding the Compliance of New Huadu Industrial Group Co., Ltd’s Non-

public Issuance of Exchangeable Corporate Bonds with the Listing Conditions of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange

(SSE Letter [2025] No. 881) from the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, allowing for an issuance size of no more than

RMB 2 billion. New Huadu transferred its 56,000,000 unrestricted tradable shares of Yunnan Baiyao to the “New

Huadu Group - Guosen Securities - 25 New Huadu EB01 Guarantee and Trust Property Special Account” opened

at the Shenzhen Branch of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited, with the current bond

trustee Guosen Securities Co., Ltd (hereinafter referred to as “Guosen Securities”) serving as the nominal holder,

and with “New Huadu Group - Guosen Securities - 25 New Huadu EB01 Guarantee and Trust Property Special

Account” being registered as the securities holder on the Company’s securities holder roster, providing guarantees

for the exchange of shares and the repayment of principal and interest of the current exchangeable corporate bonds

held by the bondholders. The Company received a written notice from New Huadu on October 23, 2025, which

stated that the current exchangeable bonds were issued on October 22, 2025, featuring an issuance size of RMB 2

billion, a coupon rate of 0.1%, an initial conversion price of RMB 71.66 per share, and a bond term of 3 years.

     6. Implementation of special dividend and equity distribution for 2025

    On September 17, 2025, the Company disclosed the Announcement on the Implementation of Special Dividend

and Equity Distribution for 2025 (Announcement No. 2025-32). Its specific plan for the special dividend and equity

distribution for 2025, which had been considered and approved at the shareholders’ meeting, was as follows: Based
                                                                                                                  133
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



on the total share capital of the Company of 1,784,262,603 shares, the Company proposes to distribute cash

dividends of RMB 10.19 per 10 shares (tax inclusive) to all shareholders, with no bonus shares issued and no capital

reserve to increase the share capital. The total amount of cash dividend was RMB 1,818,163,592.46. With the

distribution ratio of this plan, the total amount of dividend distribution would be determined based on the number

of shares entitled to profit distribution on the equity registration date when the distribution plan is implemented in

the future. The remaining undistributed profits will be retained for distribution in future years. The equity

registration date for the dividend distribution was September 23, 2025, and the ex-dividend date was September 24,

2025.


XVIII. Significant Events of the Company’s Subsidiaries

     RApplicable □Not applicable

     1. YNBY International completed share placement

     Under the general mandate, YNBY International was authorized to place up to 1,359,982,832 new shares. As

the conditions for the new share placement agreement were met, the placement agent successfully placed a total of

800,000,000 placement shares at a new placement price of HKD0.1161 per placement share to no fewer than six

placees, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the placement agreement. The placement was completed on

May 22, 2025.

     2. YNBY International exercised convertible bonds

     On February 27, 2026, YNBY International allotted and issued 1,937,984,496 shares of YNBY International

to Shanghai International Trust Corp., Ltd (hereinafter referred to as “Shanghai Trust,” subscribing for and holding

convertible bonds on behalf of Yunnan Baiyao), the designated trustee of Yunnan Baiyao, at a conversion price of

HKD0.258 per share. This represents approximately 25.50% of the total number of YNBY International shares

before the conversion, which stands at 7,599,914,160 shares, and approximately 20.32% of the total number of

YNBY International shares after the conversion, which amounts to 9,537,898,656 shares. For details, please refer

to the Announcement on the Progress of Subscribing for Convertible Bonds of YNBY International Limited

(Announcement No. 2026-06) disclosed by the Company on February 27, 2026.




                                                                                                                    134
                                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



                    Section VI                 Changes in Shareholdings and Particulars about
                                                         Shareholders
         I. Changes in Shares

         1. Changes in shares

                                                                                                                                   Unit: share
                         Before this change                             Increase/decrease (+, -)                               After this change

                                                                           Capital reserve
                                                       New     Bonds
                      Quantity        Proportion                           converted into          Others     Subtotal     Quantity         Proportion
                                                      shares   Shares
                                                                            share capital

I. Shares subject
to trading             11,567,358             0.65%                                                -238,125    -238,125     11,329,233             0.63%
moratorium

  1. State-
owned shares

  2. Shares
held by state-
owned legal
persons

  3. Shares
held by other
                       11,567,358             0.65%                                                -238,125    -238,125     11,329,233             0.63%
domestic
shareholders

     Of which:
shares held by
domestic legal
persons

     Shares
held by
                       11,567,358             0.65%                                                -238,125    -238,125     11,329,233             0.63%
domestic
natural persons

  4. Foreign-
invested shares

     Of which:
shares held by
overseas legal
persons

     Shares
held by
overseas natural
persons

II. Shares not
subject to
                     1,772,695,245       99.35%                                                     238,125     238,125   1,772,933,370            99.37%
trading
moratorium

  1. RMB-
denominated          1,772,695,245       99.35%                                                     238,125     238,125   1,772,933,370            99.37%
ordinary shares

  2. Domestic-
                                                                                                                                          135
                                                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


listed foreign
shares

   3. Overseas-
listed foreign
shares
  4. Others

III. Total
number of               1,784,262,603      100.00%                                                             0             0        1,784,262,603          100.00%
shares

                  Reasons for changes in shareholdings
                  □Applicable RNot applicable
                  Approval of changes in shareholdings
                  □Applicable RNot applicable
                  Transfers for changes in shareholdings
                  □Applicable RNot applicable
                The impact of changes in shareholdings on financial indicators such as basic and diluted earnings per share, net assets per share
         attributable to the Company’s ordinary shareholders for the latest year and period
                  □Applicable RNot applicable
                  Other disclosures the Company deems necessary or required by securities regulators
                  □Applicable    RNot applicable


         2. Changes in shares subject to trading moratorium

         RApplicable             □Not applicable

                                                                                                                                             Unit: share

                                                                           Number of shares
                                 Number of shares     Increase in shares                      Number of shares
                                                                            released from                                                 Date of shares
                                 subject to trading   subject to trading                      subject to trading     Reason for
                  Name of                                                       trading                                                   released from
                                 moratorium at the       moratorium                           moratorium at the      moratorium
                 shareholder                                                 moratorium                                                       trading
                                 beginning of the         during the                              end of the
                                                                              during the                                                   moratorium
                                  reporting period     reporting period                        reporting period
                                                                           reporting period
                                                                                                                                        Implemented in
                                                                                                                   Locked-up shares
                                                                                                                                        accordance with
             Yu Juan                      105,000                 5,625                   0            110,625     held by senior
                                                                                                                                        regulatory
                                                                                                                   management
                                                                                                                                        requirements
                                                                                                                                        Implemented in
                                                                                                                   Locked-up shares
                                                                                                                                        accordance with
             Yin Pinyao                   252,000                     0             63,000             189,000     held by senior
                                                                                                                                        regulatory
                                                                                                                   management
                                                                                                                                        requirements
                                                                                                                                        Implemented in
                                                                                                                   Locked-up shares
                                                                                                                                        accordance with
             Yang Yong                      75,768                    0                   0              75,768    held by senior
                                                                                                                                        regulatory
                                                                                                                   management
                                                                                                                                        requirements
                                                                                                                                        Implemented in
                                                                                                                   Locked-up shares
                                                                                                                                        accordance with
             Yang Fan                            0                8,250                   0               8,250    held by senior
                                                                                                                                        regulatory
                                                                                                                   management
                                                                                                                                        requirements
                                                                                                                   Locked-up shares     Implemented in
             Wang Minghui                 756,000                     0            189,000             567,000     held by senior       accordance with
                                                                                                                   management           regulatory

                                                                                                                                                       136
                                                                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                             requirements
                                                                                                                                             Implemented in
                                                                                                                        Locked-up shares
                                                                                                                                             accordance with
             Wang Jin                       378,000                       0                   0              378,000    held by senior
                                                                                                                                             regulatory
                                                                                                                        management
                                                                                                                                             requirements
                                                                                                                                             Implemented in
                                                                                                                        Locked-up shares
                                                                                                                                             accordance with
             Qin Wanmin                     378,000                       0                   0              378,000    held by senior
                                                                                                                                             regulatory
                                                                                                                        management
                                                                                                                                             requirements
                                                                                                                                             Implemented in
                                                                                                                        Locked-up shares
                                                                                                                                             accordance with
             Li Jin                          42,000                       0                   0               42,000    held by senior
                                                                                                                                             regulatory
                                                                                                                        management
                                                                                                                                             requirements
                                                                                                                                             Implemented in
                                                                                                                        Locked-up shares
                                                                                                                                             accordance with
             Chen Yanhui                    133,009                       0                   0              133,009    held by senior
                                                                                                                                             regulatory
                                                                                                                        management
                                                                                                                                             requirements
                                                                                                                                             Implemented in
                                                                                                                        Locked-up shares
                                                                                                                                             accordance with
             Chen Fashu                    9,395,621                      0                   0             9,395,621   held by senior
                                                                                                                                             regulatory
                                                                                                                        management
                                                                                                                                             requirements
                                                                                                                                             Implemented in
                                                                                                                        Locked-up shares
                                                                                                                                             accordance with
             Dong Ming                         9,960                      0                   0                9,960    held by senior
                                                                                                                                             regulatory
                                                                                                                        management
                                                                                                                                             requirements
                                                                                                                                             Implemented in
                                                                                                                        Locked-up shares
                                                                                                                                             accordance with
             Zhu Zhaoyun                     42,000                       0                   0               42,000    held by senior
                                                                                                                                             regulatory
                                                                                                                        management
                                                                                                                                             requirements
             Total                        11,567,358                13,875              252,000            11,329,233           --                     --



           II. Issuance and Listing of Securities

           1. Issuance of securities (preferred shares excluded) during the reporting period

                  □Applicable     RNot applicable


           2. Changes in the Company’s total number of shares, structure of shareholders and structure of assets and
           liabilities

                  □Applicable RNot applicable


           3. Existing staff shares

                  □Applicable RNot applicable


           III. Particulars about shareholders and de facto controller

           1. Number of shareholders of the Company and their shareholdings

                                                                                                                                                       Unit: share

Total number of ordinary        186,046    The total number of ordinary       170,974    Total number of                    0    The total number of                 0


                                                                                                                                                              137
                                                                                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


shareholders at the end of                      shareholders at the end of the                   preferred shareholders                          preferred shareholders with
the reporting period                            preceding month prior to the                     with resumed voting                             resumed voting rights at the
                                                disclosure date of the annual                    rights at the end of the                        end of the preceding month
                                                report                                           reporting period (if                            prior to the disclosure date of
                                                                                                 any)                                            the annual report (if any)

                        Shareholdings of shareholders holding more than 5% of the shares or the top 10 shareholders (excluding share lending via securities financing)

                                                                                  Number of                                                                         Pledged, marked or frozen
                                                                                                                                Number of         Number of
                                                                                  shares held
                                                                                                                                  shares          shares not
                                  Nature of                                        at the end       Change during the
   Name of shareholder                                Shareholding ratio                                                        subject to        subject to
                                 shareholder                                         of the          reporting period                                                 Status          Quantity
                                                                                                                                 trading            trading
                                                                                   reporting
                                                                                                                                moratorium       moratorium
                                                                                    period
                                 State-
Yunnan State-owned
                                 owned
Equity Operation                                                       26.20%     467,431,774                     321,600                    0    467,431,774     Pledged             115,500,000
                                 legal
Management Co., Ltd.
                                 person
                                 Domestic
New Huadu Industrial             non state-
Group Co., Ltd.                  owned                                 21.28%     379,742,244                 -56,000,000                    0    379,742,244     Pledged              92,500,000
                                 legal
                                 person
                                 State-
Yunnan Hehe (Group) Co.,         owned                                                                                                                            Not
                                                                        8.19%     146,185,851                               0                0    146,185,851                                    0
Ltd.                             legal                                                                                                                            applicable
                                 person
New Huadu Group -                Domestic
Guosen Securities - 25           non state-
                                                                                                                                                                  Not
New Huadu EB01                   owned                                  3.14%      56,000,000                  56,000,000                    0     56,000,000                                    0
                                                                                                                                                                  applicable
Guarantee and Trust              legal
Property Special Account         person
Hong Kong Securities             Overseas
                                                                                                                                                                  Not
Clearing Company                 legal                                  2.75%      49,148,066                 -16,064,663                    0     49,148,066                                    0
                                                                                                                                                                  applicable
Limited                          person
                                 Domestic
                                 non state-
China Securities Finance                                                                                                                                          Not
                                 owned                                  2.09%      37,373,108                               0                0     37,373,108                                    0
Corporation Limited                                                                                                                                               applicable
                                 legal
                                 person
China Life Insurance
Company Limited -
                                                                                                                                                                  Not
Traditional - General            Others                                 1.41%      25,169,249                  18,411,474                    0     25,169,249                                    0
                                                                                                                                                                  applicable
Insurance Products - 005L
- CT001 Shanghai
                                 State-
Central Huijin Asset             owned                                                                                                                            Not
                                                                        0.93%      16,617,440                               0                0     16,617,440                                    0
Management Ltd.                  legal                                                                                                                            applicable
                                 person
ICBC - Huatai PineBridge
CSI 300 Open-ended                                                                                                                                                Not
                                 Others                                 0.82%      14,668,126                    -651,658                    0     14,668,126                                    0
Index Securities                                                                                                                                                  applicable
Investment Fund
                                 Domestic
                                                                                                                                                                  Not
Chen Fashu                       natural                                0.70%     12,527,495                                0     9,395,621         3,131,874                                    0
                                                                                                                                                                  applicable
                                 person
Strategic investors or general legal
                                                Not applicable
persons who become the top 10


                                                                                                                                                                                138
                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


shareholders due to rights issue (if any)
                                               Chen Fashu is the de facto controller of New Huadu Industrial Group Co., Ltd It is unclear whether there are any related relationships
Related or acting-in-concert parties
                                               among other shareholders or whether there is any concerted action as defined by the Administrative Measures for Acquisition of Listed
among the shareholders above
                                               Companies.
Above shareholders involved in
entrusting/being entrusted with voting         Not applicable
rights and giving up voting rights

Special account for share repurchases (if
any) among the top 10 shareholders (if         Not applicable
any)

          Shareholdings of the top 10 shareholders not subject to trading moratorium (excluding share lending via securities financing and lock-up shares for senior management)

                                                                                                                                                                     Type of shares
            Name of shareholder                       Number of shares not subject to trading moratorium held at the end of the reporting period
                                                                                                                                                                Type           Quantity
                                                                                                                                                            RMB-
Yunnan State-owned Equity Operation                                                                                                                         denominated
                                                                                                                                             467,431,774                       467,431,774
Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                        ordinary
                                                                                                                                                            shares
                                                                                                                                                            RMB-
                                                                                                                                                            denominated
New Huadu Industrial Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                                         379,742,244                       379,742,244
                                                                                                                                                            ordinary
                                                                                                                                                            shares
                                                                                                                                                            RMB-
                                                                                                                                                            denominated
Yunnan Hehe (Group) Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                146,185,851                       146,185,851
                                                                                                                                                            ordinary
                                                                                                                                                            shares
                                                                                                                                                            RMB-
New Huadu Group - Guosen Securities -
                                                                                                                                                            denominated
25 New Huadu EB01 Guarantee and Trust                                                                                                         56,000,000                        56,000,000
                                                                                                                                                            ordinary
Property Special Account
                                                                                                                                                            shares
                                                                                                                                                            RMB-
Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company                                                                                                                       denominated
                                                                                                                                              49,148,066                        49,148,066
Limited                                                                                                                                                     ordinary
                                                                                                                                                            shares
                                                                                                                                                            RMB-
China Securities Finance Corporation                                                                                                                        denominated
                                                                                                                                             37,373,108                        37,373,108
Limited                                                                                                                                                     ordinary
                                                                                                                                                            shares
                                                                                                                                                            RMB-
China Life Insurance Company Limited -
                                                                                                                                                            denominated
Traditional - General Insurance Products -                                                                                                    25,169,249                        25,169,249
                                                                                                                                                            ordinary
005L - CT001 Shanghai
                                                                                                                                                            shares
                                                                                                                                                            RMB-
                                                                                                                                                            denominated
Central Huijin Asset Management Ltd.                                                                                                         16,617,440                        16,617,440
                                                                                                                                                            ordinary
                                                                                                                                                            shares
                                                                                                                                                            RMB-
ICBC - Huatai PineBridge CSI 300 Open-                                                                                                                      denominated
                                                                                                                                              14,668,126                        14,668,126
ended Index Securities Investment Fund                                                                                                                      ordinary
                                                                                                                                                            shares
                                                                                                                                                            RMB-
China Construction Bank - E Fund CSI
                                                                                                                                                            denominated
300 Health & Medicine Traded Open-                                                                                                            11,914,346                        11,914,346
                                                                                                                                                            ordinary
ended Index Securities Investment Fund
                                                                                                                                                            shares
Related or acting-in-concert parties           It is unclear whether there are any related relationships among the above-mentioned shareholders or whether there is any concerted action
among the top 10 circulating shareholders      as defined by the Administrative Measures for Information Disclosure of Changes in Shareholdings of Shareholders of Listed Companies.


                                                                                                                                                                         139
                                                                                           2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


not subject to trading moratorium, and
between the top 10 circulating
shareholders not subject to trading
moratorium and the top 10 shareholders

Top 10 ordinary shareholders
involved in securities margin trading (if
                                             Not applicable
any)


                  Note: On October 22, 2025, New Huadu completed the issuance of exchangeable bonds of RMB 2 billion. On September 29,
            2025, New Huadu transferred its 56,000,000 unrestricted tradable shares of Yunnan Baiyao to the “New Huadu Group - Guosen
            Securities - 25 New Huadu EB01 Guarantee and Trust Property Special Account” opened at the Shenzhen Branch of China Securities
            Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited, with the current bond trustee Guosen Securities Co., Ltd. serving as the nominal holder,
            for the purpose of providing guarantees for the exchange of shares and the repayment of principal and interest of the current
            exchangeable corporate bonds held by the bondholders. The shares involved in the guarantee and trust registration (including the
            dividends generated during the share trust registration period) will be registered on the Company’s securities holder roster, with the
            current bond trustee Guosen Securities serving as the nominal holder, and with “New Huadu Group - Guosen Securities - 25 New
            Huadu EB01 Guarantee and Trust Property Special Account” serving as the securities holder. When exercising the voting rights of the
            shares involved in the guarantee and trust registration, Guosen Securities will seek the opinions of New Huadu in advance and handle
            them accordingly, but without prejudice to the interests of the current bondholders.

               Shareholders holding more than 5% of the shares, top 10 shareholders and top 10 circulating shareholders not subject to trading
            moratorium involved in lending of shares through refinancing
                 □Applicable          RNot applicable
                Change in top 10 shareholders and top 10 circulating shareholders not subject to trading moratorium from the previous period
            resulting from lending/return of shares through refinancing
                 □Applicable          RNot applicable
               Whether the top 10 ordinary shareholders and the top 10 ordinary shareholders not subject to trading moratorium of the Company
            conducted any agreed repurchase transactions during the reporting period
                 □ Yes                 RNo
               The top 10 ordinary shareholders and the top 10 ordinary shareholders not subject to trading moratorium of the Company did not
            conduct any agreed repurchase transactions during the reporting period.


            2. Details about the controlling shareholder

            Nature of controlling shareholder: No controlling entity
            Type of controlling shareholder: Does not exist
            Description of no controlling shareholders of the Company
                    On July 3, 2019, the Company purchased 668,430,196 new shares from Baiyao Holdings, its controlling
            shareholder, and issued these shares in the public market, of which 321,160,222 shares were issued to the SASAC
            of Yunnan Province, 275,901,036 shares to New Huadu, and 71,368,938 shares to Jiangsu Yuyue. Meanwhile, the
            shares held by Baiyao Holdings in the listed company were cancelled. After this issuance, the SASAC of Yunnan
            Province, New Huadu, and its acting-in-concert parties both hold 25.14% of the Company’s shares, resulting in no
            shareholders having control over the Company actually or via shareholdings and the Company becoming an
            enterprise with no de facto controllers and controlling shareholders.

                   On August 7, 2024, the Company disclosed the Announcement on the Shareholding Increase by Shareholders

                                                                                                                                              140
                                                                            2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Holding More Than 5% of the Company’s Shares and Subsequent Shareholding Increase Plan (Announcement No.
2024-40). On August 6, 2024, the State-owned Equity Management Company increased its holdings of the
Company’s shares by 788,660 shares through the Shenzhen Stock Exchange’s trading system via a centralized
bidding transaction, representing approximately 0.0442% of the total share capital, with an investment amount of
RMB 40.0168 million. The State-owned Equity Management Company plans to continue increasing its
shareholding within six months from the initial increase date (August 6, 2024), with a total investment amount
(including the already disclosed increase) not less than RMB 500 million and not exceeding RMB 1,000 million.
On February 7, 2025, the Company disclosed the Announcement on Expiration and Completion of the Shareholder’s
Shareholding Increase Plan (Announcement No. 2025-07). From August 6, 2024, to February 5, 2025, the State-
owned Equity Management Company increased its holdings of the Company’s shares by 17,807,463 shares through
the Shenzhen Stock Exchange’s trading system via a centralized bidding transaction, representing 0.9980% of the
total share capital, with a cumulative investment amount of RMB 950,379,399.02. As of the date of this
announcement, the shareholding increase plan has been completed within the stipulated period. This shareholding
increase does not result in the Company’s shareholding distribution failing to meet the listing conditions, nor does
it change the Company’s situation of having no controlling shareholder or de facto controller, and it will not have a
significant impact on the Company’s corporate governance structure.
      After the merger and overall listing completed in July 2019, Baiyao Holdings no longer had any personnel and
has not conducted any actual operations, only retaining its business registration status. Due to objective reasons
such as certain land and property not being included in the merger scope and awaiting government designation for
the receiving party, Baiyao Holdings had not yet canceled its corporate status by the end of 2024. According to the
Reply on Proposed Transfer of Three Assets for Entrusted Management by Yunnan Baiyao Holdings Co., Ltd issued
by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Kunming Municipal Government,
Yunnan Baiyao Holdings Co., Ltd has transferred the three assets with ownership defects involved in the merger
process to Kunming State-owned Assets Management Co., Ltd, which was designated by the government for
takeover. In the future, all rights, obligations, benefits, and risks related to these properties will be owned and borne
by the receiving party, Kunming State-owned Assets Management Co., Ltd. On March 5, 2025, the Yunnan
Administration for Market Regulation issued the Registration Notice ((Yun) Deng Zi [2025] No. 120) regarding the
cancellation registration of Baiyao Holdings. As of the date of this report, the cancellation registration procedures
for Baiyao Holdings have been completed, and the shareholder change registration for the 66.67% equity in
Shanghai Xinhou Asset Management Co., Ltd and the 100% equity in Shenzhen Jurong Commercial Factoring Co.,
Ltd, which were spun off from Baiyao Holdings’ wholly-owned subsidiary, Yunnan Baiyao Holdings Investment
Co., Ltd before the merger and overall listing, has also been completed.

Changes in controlling shareholders during the reporting period
□Applicable RNot applicable
There was no change in the controlling shareholders of the Company during the reporting period.


3. The Company’s de facto controllers and their respective acting-in-concert parties

Nature of de facto controllers: No de facto controllers

                                                                                                                           141
                                                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Type of de facto controllers: Does not exist.
Description of no de facto controllers of the Company

      On July 3, 2019, the Company purchased 668,430,196 new shares from Baiyao Holdings, its controlling
shareholder, and issued these shares in the public market, of which 321,160,222 shares were issued to the SASAC
of Yunnan Province, 275,901,036 shares to New Huadu, and 71,368,938 shares to Jiangsu Yuyue. Meanwhile, the
shares held by Baiyao Holdings in the listed company were cancelled. After this issuance, the SASAC of Yunnan
Province, New Huadu, and its acting-in-concert parties both hold 25.14% of the Company’s shares, resulting in no
shareholders having control over the Company actually or via shareholdings and the Company becoming an
enterprise with no de facto controllers and controlling shareholders.

      Whether the Company has any shareholders at the ultimate control level with a shareholding of more than 10%
      □ Yes RNo
      □Shareholders at the ultimate control level with a shareholding of more than 5% R Shareholders at the ultimate control level
with a shareholding of less than 5%

      The Company has no de facto controllers.

      Change of de facto controllers during the reporting period
      □Applicable RNot applicable
      There was no change in the de facto controllers of the Company during the reporting period.
      Diagram of property rights and control relationship between the Company and the de facto controller




      The de facto controllers of the Company control the Company via trust or other asset management methods
      □Applicable RNot applicable




                                                                                                                                142
                                                                         2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


4. The cumulative number of pledged shares held by the controlling shareholder or the largest shareholder
of the Company and their acting-in-concert parties accounts for up to 80% of the total number of shares held
by them in the Company

    □Applicable RNot applicable


5. Other legal-person shareholders holding more than 10% of the shares

    RApplicable □Not applicable

                                Legal
   Name of corporate                                                                                 Main business operations
                        representative/Head of   Date of establishment        Registered capital
     shareholder                                                                                     or management activities
                           the organization
                                                                                                    Holding and managing
                                                                                                    state-owned equity; Equity
                                                                                                    (including listed company
                                                                                                    equity) investment,
                                                                                                    operation, and transfer;
                                                                                                    Fundraising; Research and
                                                                                                    consulting services on the
 Yunnan State-owned
                                                                            RMB                     structural layout of state-
 Equity Operation       Wang Hongxin             June 21, 2019
                                                                            20,977,469,085.95       owned capital and
 Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    industrial development
                                                                                                    (Business activities that
                                                                                                    require approval according
                                                                                                    to the law may be
                                                                                                    conducted only after
                                                                                                    obtaining approval from
                                                                                                    the relevant departments.)
                                                                                                    Wholesale and retail of
                                                                                                    pre-packaged and bulk
                                                                                                    food products; Investment,
                                                                                                    management, and
                                                                                                    consulting services in the
                                                                                                    retail industry, interior and
                                                                                                    exterior decoration, hotel
                                                                                                    industry, mining industry,
                                                                                                    hydropower engineering,
 New Huadu Industrial
                        Chen Fashu               May 4, 1996                RMB 139,800,000.00      road and bridge
 Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    engineering projects, real
                                                                                                    estate industry, and
                                                                                                    industrial sector (Business
                                                                                                    activities that require
                                                                                                    approval according to the
                                                                                                    law may be conducted only
                                                                                                    after obtaining approval
                                                                                                    from the relevant
                                                                                                    departments.)


6. Restricted reduction of shares held by controlling shareholders, de facto controllers, restructuring parties,
and other committed entities

    □Applicable RNot applicable




                                                                                                                          143
                                                                           2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


IV. Detailed implementation of share repurchase during the reporting period

    Implementation of share repurchase
    □Applicable RNot applicable
    Implementation of reduction in repurchased shares via centralized bidding
    □Applicable RNot applicable

V. Preference Shares
   □ Applicable ☑ Not applicable

   There were no preference shares in the Company during the reporting period.




                                                                                                                          144
                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.




                              Section VII   Bonds

□Applicable RNot applicable




                                                                                            145
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.




                             Section VIII             Financial Statements

  I. Audit Report
  Type of Audit Opinion                                      Unqualified opinion

  Signature Date of Audit Report                             March 31, 2026

  Name of Audit Body                                         Pan-China Certified Public Accountants LLP (SGP)

  Document No. of Audit Report                               TJS (2026) No. 4168

  Name of Certified Public Accountant                        Huang Yuanxi, Zhao Li

                                              Body Text of Audit Report



To All shareholders of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd:
     I. Audit Opinions
     We have audited the financial statements of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd (“Yunnan Baiyao”), which
comprise the consolidated and parent company balance sheets as of December 31, 2025, as well as the consolidated
and parent company income statements, the consolidated and parent company cash flow statements, the consolidated
and parent company statements of changes in owners’ equity for 2025 and notes to the financial statements.
     In our opinion, the attached financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of the
Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises in all major aspects, and present fairly the consolidated and parent
company financial position of Yunnan Baiyao as of December 31, 2025, and the consolidated and parent company
results and cash flows in 2025.
     II. Basis for the Audit Opinion
     We conduct our audit in accordance with the PRC Standards on Auditing for Certified Public Accountants.
Our responsibilities under these standards are further described in the section on “the Certified Public Accountants’
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements” of our audit report. We are independent of Yunnan
Baiyao in accordance with the Chinese Standard on Independence for Certified Public Accountants No. 1 -
Requirements for Independence in Financial Statement Audits and Review Engagements and the PRC Code of
Ethics for Certified Public Accountants and have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities. We have complied with
the independence requirements for audits of public interest entities in our audit. We believe that the audit evidence
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
     III. Key Audit Matters
     Key audit matters are those, in our professional judgment, of most significance in our audit of the financial
statements of the current period. The treatment of these matters is based on an audit of the financial statements as a
whole and audit opinions therefrom, and we do not express an opinion on these matters separately.
     (I) Revenue recognition
     1. Matter description


                                                                                                                    146
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



     For relevant information disclosure, please refer to Notes III (XXVI) and V (II) 1 to the financial statements.

     The operating revenue of Yunnan Baiyao is primarily derived from multiple business segments including

pharmaceutical sales, health and personal care products, TCM resources, and pharmaceutical distribution. In 2025,

the operating revenue of Yunnan Baiyao amounted to RMB 41.187 billion.

     As operating revenue is one of the key performance indicators for Yunnan Baiyao’s operations and

performance assessment, there is an inherent risk that the Yunnan Baiyao’s management (hereinafter referred to as

"Management") may recognize revenue inappropriately to achieve specific targets or expectations. Additionally,

revenue recognition involves significant management judgment. Therefore, we have identified revenue recognition

as a key audit matter.

     2. Audit procedures performed

     For revenue recognition, the audit procedures we performed mainly include:

     (1) Understanding the key internal controls related to revenue recognition, evaluating the design of these

controls, determining whether they have been implemented, and testing the operating effectiveness of relevant

internal controls;

     (2) Reviewing sales contracts, understanding key contract terms or conditions, and evaluating whether the

revenue recognition methods are appropriate;

     (3) Performing analytical procedures on operating revenue and gross profit margin by month, product, and

customer to identify any significant or unusual fluctuations and find out the reasons;

     (4) Selecting items to examine relevant supporting documents, including sales contracts, orders, sales invoices,

outbound delivery orders, shipping orders, transportation documents, customer acceptance receipts, etc.; for service-

based businesses, reviewing service contracts, etc.;

     (5) Selecting items to confirm sales amounts in conjunction with accounts receivable confirmations;

     (6) Performing cut-off tests to verify whether revenue was recognized in the appropriate periods;

     (7) Obtaining sales return records after the balance sheet date to check whether there were circumstances where

revenue recognition conditions were not met as of the balance sheet date;

     (8) Verifying whether information related to operating revenue has been properly presented in the financial

statements.
     (II) Provision for bad debts of accounts receivable
     1. Matter description

     For relevant information disclosure, please refer to Notes III (XII) and V (II) 4 to the financial statements.

                                                                                                                      147
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



     As of December 31, 2025, the carrying amount of Yunnan Baiyao’s accounts receivable was RMB 11.115

billion, with allowance for bad debts of RMB 955 million and carrying value of RMB 10.160 billion.

     Yunnan Baiyao’s management measures loss provisions based on the credit risk characteristics of individual

receivables or portfolios, measured at amounts equivalent to expected credit losses over the duration. Due to the

significant amount of accounts receivable and the significant management judgment involved in impairment testing

of accounts receivable, we have identified accounts receivable impairment as a key audit matter.

     2.Audit procedures performed

     For impairment provision of accounts receivable, the audit procedures we performed mainly include:

     (1) Understanding the key internal controls related to accounts receivable impairment, evaluating the design

of these controls, determining whether they have been implemented, and testing the operating effectiveness of

relevant internal controls;

     (2) Reviewing the results of management’s prior-year estimates of bad debt provisions, or management’s

subsequent re-estimates thereof;

     (3) Reviewing management’s relevant considerations and objective evidence for credit risk assessment of

accounts receivable, and evaluating whether management has appropriately identified the credit risk characteristics

of individual accounts receivable;

     (4) For accounts receivable measured for expected credit losses on an individual basis, reviewing

management’s forecasts of expected cash flows to be collected, and evaluating the appropriateness of significant

assumptions used in the forecasts as well as the appropriateness, relevance, and reliability of data;

     (5) For accounts receivable measured for expected credit losses on a portfolio basis, evaluating the

reasonableness of management’s grouping by credit risk characteristics; evaluating the reasonableness of the

expected credit loss rates determined by management for accounts receivable, including the appropriateness of

significant assumptions used and the appropriateness, relevance, and reliability of data; testing the accuracy of

management’s calculation of bad debt provisions;

     (6) Evaluating the reasonableness of bad debt provisions made by management in conjunction with accounts

receivable confirmations and subsequent collection status;

     (7) Verifying whether information related to accounts receivable impairment has been properly presented in

the financial statements.

     IV. Other Information
     The management is responsible for the other information, which includes the information covered in the annual
                                                                                                                    148
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


report, but does not include the financial statements and our audit report.
     Our audit opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of verification conclusion thereon.
     Given our audit of financial statements, our responsibility is to review other information, and in such process,
to judge whether other information is significantly inconsistent with the financial statements or what we learned in
the audit process, or that information seems to be significantly misstated.
Where we identify that there is a material misstatement of other information, based on the work we have performed,
we will report that fact, but have nothing to report in this regard.
     V. The Management and the Governance’s Responsibilities for the Financial Statements
     The management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements according to Accounting Standards
for Business Enterprises in a fair view, and for designing, implementing, and maintaining necessary internal control
to be absent from material misstatement in the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
     In preparing the financial statements, the management is responsible for assessing Yunnan Baiyao’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing matters related to going concern (as applicable), and applying the going-
concern assumption, unless it plans to liquidate, terminate operations, or has no other realistic alternative.
     The governance team is responsible for overseeing the financial reporting of Yunnan Baiyao.
     VI. Responsibilities of Certified Public Accountants for the Audit of Financial Statements
     Our purpose is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement due to fraud or error, and to issue an audit report that includes an audit opinion. Our
reasonable assurance is of high level, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with auditing
standards will always detect a material misstatement. Misstatements can result from fraud or error and are generally
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users made based on these financial statements.
     We exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism in performing the audit in accordance
with auditing standards. At the same time, we also conduct the following work:
     (I) To identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements due to fraud or error,
design and implement audit procedures to address these risks, and obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence
as the basis for expressing audit opinions. The risk of failing to detect a material misstatement due to fraud is higher
than the risk of failing to detect a material misstatement due to an error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
intentional omissions, misrepresentation, or overriding internal controls.
     (II) To understand the internal control related to audit to design appropriate audit procedures.
     (III) To evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies adopted and the reasonableness of accounting
estimates and related disclosures made by the management.
     (IV) A conclusion is made on the appropriateness of the going-concern assumption adopted by the
Management. At the same time, based on the audit evidence obtained, a conclusion is reached on whether there is
material uncertainty as to the matters or circumstances that may give rise to significant doubt about Yunnan Baiyao’s
ability to continue as a going concern. Where we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, auditing standards
require us to draw the attention of statement users to the related disclosures therein; where the disclosures are

                                                                                                                      149
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


inadequate, no unqualified opinion shall be issued. Our conclusion is based on the information available as of the
date of the audit report. However, future events or circumstances may cause Yunnan Baiyao to be unable to continue
as a going concern.
     (V) To evaluate the overall presentation, structure, and content of the financial statements and whether the
financial statements present fairly the underlying transactions and events.
     (VI) To obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence on the financial information of entities or business
activities in Yunnan Baiyao to express audit opinions on the financial statements. We are responsible for the
direction, supervision, and execution of the Group audits, and we take full responsibility for the audit opinion.
     We communicate with the governance team on matters such as planned audit scope, timing, and significant
audit findings, including communicating internal control deficiencies of concern identified in our audit.
     We also provide a statement to the governance team that we have complied with the ethical requirements
related to independence, and communicate with the governance team all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be perceived to affect our independence, as well as related precautions (if applicable).
     We determine the matters that are most significant to the audit of the current financial statements in the matters
communicated to the governance team and therefore such matters constitute key audit matters. We disclose these
matters in our audit report except where public disclosure of the matters is prohibited by law or regulation, or in
rare instances, we determine that a matter shall not be disclosed in the audit report if it is reasonably expected that
the negative consequences of disclosure of the matter in the report will outweigh the benefits to the public interest.




 Pan-China Certified Public Accountants LLP (SGP)              Chinese Certified Public Accountants: Huang
                                                               Yuanxi
                                                               (Project Partner)


    Hangzhou, China                                                Chinese Certified Public Accountants: Zhao Li


                                                                                                       March 31, 2026




                                                                                                                    150
                                                                               2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


II. Financial Statement

    The units in the Notes to the Financial Statements are presented in RMB.


1. Consolidated balance sheet

    Prepared by Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
                                                       December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB

                     Item                                Closing balance                             Opening balance
 Current assets:
   Cash and bank balance                                            9,107,829,167.98                           10,887,983,161.30

   Provision of settlement fund
    Placements with banks and other
 financial institutions
   Financial assets held for trading                                4,192,113,408.43                            2,547,113,523.40
   Derivative financial assets
   Notes receivable                                                   585,366,210.93                              929,651,911.37

   Accounts receivable                                             10,160,059,223.29                            9,923,361,104.39

   Accounts receivable financing                                    1,681,985,583.93                            1,887,789,780.16

   Prepayment                                                         434,442,949.73                              303,563,844.07

   Premium receivable
   Reinsurance premium receivable
    Reserves for reinsurance contract
 receivable
   Other receivables                                                  406,517,244.11                              108,427,198.33

      Including: Interest receivable
                   Dividends receivable                                79,875,215.52                               10,348,033.98
   Financial assets held under resale
 agreements
   Inventory                                                        6,231,383,826.69                            6,294,368,316.30

    Including: Data resources
   Contractual assets
   Held-for-sales assets
   Non-current assets due within one year                                                                         480,295,722.22

   Other current assets                                             1,234,895,158.04                              788,108,579.54

 Total current assets                                              34,034,592,773.13                           34,150,663,141.08

 Non-current assets:
   Loans and advances to customers
   Debt investments
   Other debt investment


                                                                                                                              151
                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


  Long-term receivables
  Long-term equity investments             13,227,578,051.91                       12,561,276,081.35

  Investment in other equity instruments      71,745,000.00                            71,745,000.00

  Other non-current financial assets         210,855,260.47                           387,688,897.11

  Investment properties                       50,366,578.65                            49,884,012.15

  Fixed assets                              3,274,340,152.34                        3,012,878,828.09

  Construction in progress                   807,592,848.36                           703,439,112.24

  Productive biological assets                   644,624.85                               816,524.85

  Oil and gas assets
  Right-of-use assets                        248,003,380.85                           291,177,021.52

  Intangible assets                          699,193,405.35                           561,795,787.78

    Including: Data resources
  Development expenses                        98,211,219.56                            25,422,461.13

    Including: Data resources
  Goodwill                                   300,805,632.99                            96,963,241.17
  Long-term deferred expenses                108,871,585.00                           127,081,811.91

  Deferred income tax assets                 974,220,393.56                           756,975,016.74

  Other non-current assets                   161,560,224.80                           116,374,395.93

Total non-current assets                   20,233,988,358.69                       18,763,518,191.97

Total assets                               54,268,581,131.82                       52,914,181,333.05

Current liabilities:
  Short-term loans                           182,775,753.21                           423,380,272.64

  Borrowings from the central bank
   Placements from banks and other
financial institutions
  Financial liabilities held for trading
  Derivative financial liabilities
  Notes payable                             1,846,714,475.61                        1,913,702,684.41

  Accounts payable                          5,523,021,856.86                        4,758,352,403.87

  Receipts in advance                            190,841.21                               446,673.78

  Contractual liabilities                   1,505,826,938.18                        1,916,123,387.16
  Financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements
   Deposits from customers and
interbank
  Customer brokerage deposits
  Acting underwriting of securities
  Payroll payable                           1,482,601,305.72                        1,283,950,828.82

  Taxes and duties payable                   278,051,492.11                           466,603,767.14
  Other payables                            1,461,459,334.99                        1,386,632,676.75


                                                                                                  152
                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


     Including: Interest payable
                    Dividends payable           1,317,388.73                           86,490,742.04

  Fees and commissions payable
  Reinsurance amounts payable
  Held-for-sales liabilities
  Non-current liabilities due within one
                                              76,443,711.53                            88,436,075.74
year
  Other current liabilities                  533,163,346.13                           620,862,624.93

Total current liabilities                  12,890,249,055.55                       12,858,491,395.24

Non-current liabilities:
  Reserves for insurance contract
  Long-term loans                             86,569,400.83                             2,100,000.00

  Bonds payable
     Including: Preferred shares
                    Perpetual bonds
  Lease liabilities                          141,830,379.18                           190,656,990.23

  Long-term payables                         556,079,941.48                           591,533,288.57

  Long-term payroll payable                     1,718,946.33                            1,296,365.44

  Estimated liabilities                       22,513,696.41                            12,726,280.09

  Deferred income                            271,769,812.59                           295,493,565.32

  Deferred income tax liabilities            148,417,516.74                            93,867,331.53

  Other non-current liabilities                 1,931,554.36                            1,931,554.36

Total non-current liabilities               1,230,831,247.92                        1,189,605,375.54

Total liabilities                          14,121,080,303.47                       14,048,096,770.78

Owners’ equity
  Share capital                             1,784,262,603.00                        1,784,262,603.00

  Other equity instruments
     Including: Preferred shares
                    Perpetual bonds
  Capital reserves                         17,632,117,190.85                       17,637,148,823.48

  Less: Treasury stock
  Other comprehensive income                 -105,091,380.51                         -101,263,356.31

  Special reserves
  Surplus reserves                          2,530,458,968.58                        2,530,458,968.58

  Provision for general risk
  Undistributed profit                     18,202,311,462.52                       16,981,339,385.76
Total owners’ equity attributable to
                                           40,044,058,844.44                       38,831,946,424.51
parent company
  Minority interests                         103,441,983.91                            34,138,137.76

Total owners’ equity                       40,147,500,828.35                       38,866,084,562.27


                                                                                                  153
                                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


 Total liabilities and owners’ equity                     54,268,581,131.82                        52,914,181,333.05
Legal representative: Zhang Wenxue          Accounting officer: Ma Jia             Head of accounting center: Xu Jing

2. Balance sheet of parent company

                                                                                                           Unit: RMB
                     Item                       Closing balance                          Opening balance
 Current assets:
   Cash and bank balance                                   7,898,899,516.62                         8,385,552,777.48

   Financial assets held for trading                       4,187,513,408.43                         2,496,810,753.70

   Derivative financial assets
   Notes receivable                                          407,360,145.42                           675,593,542.66

   Accounts receivable                                     1,959,868,853.22                         1,940,715,863.84

   Accounts receivable financing                             437,824,968.41                           591,699,974.35

   Prepayment                                              1,321,672,589.52                         1,351,285,270.04

   Other receivables                                       6,632,088,211.74                         6,501,863,512.27

      Including: Interest receivable
                   Dividends receivable                       79,875,215.52                            10,348,033.98

   Inventory                                                 915,778,341.49                         1,160,234,826.84

     Including: Data resources
   Contractual assets
   Held-for-sales assets
   Non-current assets due within one year                                                             480,295,722.22

   Other current assets                                      526,360,546.17                           443,410,111.63

 Total current assets                                     24,287,366,581.02                        24,027,462,355.03

 Non-current assets:
   Debt investments
   Other debt investments
   Long-term receivables
   Long-term equity investments                           15,606,066,432.75                        14,927,341,039.68

   Investment in other equity instruments
   Other non-current financial assets                        210,355,260.47                           387,188,897.11

   Investment properties                                     486,768,216.63                           350,771,014.59

   Fixed assets                                            1,542,652,814.35                         1,657,360,463.22

   Construction in progress                                   25,493,467.64                            63,945,254.57

   Productive biological assets
   Oil and gas assets
   Right-of-use assets                                       110,808,820.06                           195,572,313.66

   Intangible assets                                         249,740,403.29                           232,180,054.34
    Including: Data resources
   Development expenses                                      116,497,399.09                            25,422,461.13

                                                                                                                   154
                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


    Including: Data resources
  Goodwill
  Long-term deferred expenses                 27,248,415.57                            40,087,609.94

  Deferred income tax assets                 378,492,475.32                           387,502,971.84

  Other non-current assets                   407,180,610.18                           404,946,229.16

Total non-current assets                   19,161,304,315.35                       18,672,318,309.24

Total assets                               43,448,670,896.37                       42,699,780,664.27

Current liabilities:
  Short-term loans                           150,010,000.00                           400,133,333.33

  Financial liabilities held for trading
  Derivative financial liabilities
  Notes payable
  Accounts payable                          4,801,338,529.81                        4,018,681,496.23

  Receipts in advance                             83,822.40                               355,324.62

  Contractual liabilities                   1,034,888,677.35                        1,534,629,073.69
  Payroll payable                           1,098,078,735.81                          940,019,555.32

  Taxes and duties payable                    46,701,616.03                           207,921,216.70

  Other payables                           10,214,340,163.01                       10,071,969,063.28

     Including: Interest payable
                    Dividends payable                                                  86,490,742.04

  Held-for-sales liabilities
  Non-current liabilities due within one
                                                4,725,069.53                           15,543,095.75
year
  Other current liabilities                   25,640,252.72                           102,375,999.95

Total current liabilities                  17,375,806,866.66                       17,291,628,158.87
Non-current liabilities:
  Long-term loans                               1,100,000.00                            1,100,000.00
  Bonds payable
     Including: Preferred shares
                    Perpetual bonds
  Lease liabilities                          107,226,300.59                           184,260,902.19

  Long-term payables                         554,689,731.33                           591,533,288.57

  Long-term payroll payable
  Estimated liabilities
  Deferred income                            166,140,712.09                           198,493,435.95

  Deferred income tax liabilities             37,035,887.84                            51,548,686.57

Other non-current liabilities                   1,931,554.36                            1,931,554.36

Total non-current liabilities                868,124,186.21                         1,028,867,867.64
Total liabilities                          18,243,931,052.87                       18,320,496,026.51

Owners’ equity:

                                                                                                  155
                                                                 2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


   Share capital                                          1,784,262,603.00                        1,784,262,603.00

   Other equity instruments
      Including: Preferred shares
                   Perpetual bonds
   Capital reserves                                      17,797,498,647.03                       17,839,540,148.42

   Less: Treasury stock
   Other comprehensive income                               -61,252,370.53                          -61,502,389.01

   Special reserves
   Surplus reserves                                       2,529,297,618.08                        2,529,297,618.08

   Undisturbed profits                                    3,154,933,345.92                        2,287,686,657.27

 Total owners’ equity                                    25,204,739,843.50                       24,379,284,637.76

 Total liabilities and owners’ equity                    43,448,670,896.37                       42,699,780,664.27


3. Consolidated income statement

                                                                                                         Unit: RMB
                                     Item                                2025                        2024
 I. Total operating revenue                                             41,186,999,090.31        40,033,300,814.72
   Including: Operating revenue                                         41,186,999,090.31        40,033,300,814.72
           Interest income
           Premiums earned
           Fee and commission income
 II. Total operating cost                                               36,210,224,002.36        35,206,797,286.50
   Including: Operating cost                                            29,032,923,195.82        28,864,766,205.10
           Interest expenses
           Fee and commission expenses
           Surrender value
           Net payments for insurance claims
           Net provision for insurance liability
           Bond insurance expenses
           Reinsurance expenses
           Taxes and surcharges                                              234,100,213.88         243,117,369.44
           Selling expenses                                              5,619,465,376.89         4,879,502,036.91
           Administrative expenses                                       1,020,080,152.22         1,037,553,483.87
           R&D expenses                                                      350,545,386.25         337,413,301.03
           Financial expenses                                                -46,890,322.70        -155,555,109.85
              Including: Interest expenses                                    24,049,890.09          63,177,001.07
                            Interest income                                   90,467,001.34         221,210,259.84
   Plus: other income                                                        100,782,693.13         102,009,773.65
        Investment income (loss is indicated with “-”)                   1,042,986,305.52           776,937,495.06

                                                                                                                156
                                                                          2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


             Including: Income from investment in associates and
                                                                                   989,141,635.98            774,279,535.69
joint ventures
                       Investment income from derecognition of
financial assets at amortized cost
        Exchange gains (loss is indicated with “-”)
        Net exposure hedging income (loss is indicated with “-”)
        Income from change in fair value (loss is indicated with “-”)              110,489,468.71            136,837,009.94
        Credit impairment losses (loss is indicated with “-”)                       58,066,387.77            -39,925,926.62
        Asset impairment losses (loss is indicated with “-”)                       -258,372,158.02           -91,230,709.62
        Gains from asset disposal (loss is indicated with “-”)                        8,167,595.81               490,651.65
III. Operating profit (loss is indicated with “-”)                                6,038,895,380.87         5,711,621,822.28
  Plus: Non-operating revenue                                                       24,951,555.82             15,483,338.73
  Less: Non-operating expenses                                                      20,576,232.96             42,385,497.02
IV. Total profit (total loss is indicated with “-”)                               6,043,270,703.73         5,684,719,663.99
  Less: Income tax expenses                                                        853,329,846.75            917,647,303.71
V. Net profit (net loss is indicated with “-”)                                    5,189,940,856.98         4,767,072,360.28
  (I) Classification by operation continuity
     1. Net profit from continuing operations (net loss is indicated
                                                                                  5,189,940,856.98         4,767,072,360.28
with “-”)
     2. Net profit from discontinued operations (net loss is indicated
with “-”)
  (II) Classification by ownership
    1. Net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent
                                                                                  5,153,486,838.91         4,749,415,499.55
company (net loss to be listed with “-”)
     2. Minority interests (net loss to be listed with “-”)                         36,454,018.07             17,656,860.73
VI. Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                           -6,013,856.89           -13,441,329.34
  Other comprehensive income attributable to owners of parent
                                                                                     -3,828,024.20           -11,725,184.18
company, net of tax
     (I) Other comprehensive income that cannot be reclassified into
                                                                                     -2,017,048.84            -2,067,513.33
profits or losses
        1. Changes arising from re-measurement of the defined benefit
plan
        2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be reclassified into
                                                                                     -2,017,048.84            -2,067,513.33
profits or losses under the equity method
        3. Changes in fair value of other equity instrument investments
        4. Changes in fair value of the enterprise’s credit risk
        5. Others
     (II) Other comprehensive income that will be reclassified into
                                                                                     -1,810,975.36            -9,657,670.85
profits or losses
        1. Other comprehensive income that can be reclassified into
                                                                                      2,267,067.32            -4,787,910.02
profits or losses under the equity method
        2. Changes in fair value of other debt investments
      3. Amount of the financial asset reclassified into other
comprehensive income
        4. Provision for credit impairment of other debt investments
        5. Cash flow hedging reserves

                                                                                                                         157
                                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


       6. Exchange differences from translation of statements
                                                                                            -4,078,042.68            -4,869,760.83
 denominated in foreign currencies
        7. Others
    Other comprehensive income attributable to minority interests, net
                                                                                            -2,185,832.69            -1,716,145.16
 of tax
 VII. Total comprehensive income                                                         5,183,927,000.09         4,753,631,030.94
   Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of parent
                                                                                         5,149,658,814.71         4,737,690,315.37
 company
   Total comprehensive income attributable to minority interests                            34,268,185.38            15,940,715.57
 VIII. Earnings per share
   (I) Basic earnings per share                                                                        2.89                    2.66
   (II) Diluted earnings per share                                                                     2.89                    2.66
Net profit realized by the combined party in business combination under common control before the business combination in the current
period was RMB 0.00, and net profit realized by the combined party in the previous period was RMB 0.00.
Legal representative: Zhang Wenxue                   Accounting officer: Ma Jia                   Head of accounting center: Xu Jing


4. Income statement of parent company

                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB
                                Item                                              2025                            2024
 I. Operating revenue                                                             9,778,836,364.70                8,867,834,592.37
   Less: Operating cost                                                           3,464,526,798.29                3,390,069,517.10
        Taxes and surcharges                                                       118,270,410.96                   108,199,807.24
        Selling expenses                                                          2,884,116,087.45                2,539,960,910.51
        Administrative expenses                                                    609,195,490.98                   565,692,698.02
        R&D expenses                                                               271,893,226.82                   306,956,428.26
        Financial expenses                                                          -63,406,226.57                 -189,731,558.54
           Including: Interest expenses                                              1,747,387.90                    22,136,071.12
                        Interest income                                             77,437,600.76                   210,518,129.74
   Plus: Other income                                                               46,212,716.68                    33,206,855.90
        Investment income (loss is indicated with “-”)                            2,618,339,748.91                2,695,886,407.92
           Including: Income from investment in associates and
                                                                                   983,423,862.34                   772,732,477.51
 joint ventures
                      Derecognized financial assets measured
 by amortized cost (loss is indicated with “-”)
        Net exposure hedging income (loss is indicated with
 “-”)
        Income from changes in fair value (loss is indicated
                                                                                    94,869,231.65                   141,271,168.28
 with “-”)
        Credit impairment losses (loss is indicated with “-”)                            -911,713.20                  1,435,538.26
        Asset impairment losses (loss is indicated with “-”)                        -63,471,045.24                  -93,877,728.93
        Gains from asset disposal (loss is indicated with “-”)                       5,838,067.78                        -771,908.75
 II. Operating profit (loss is indicated with “-”)                                5,195,117,583.35                4,923,837,122.46
   Plus: Non-operating revenue                                                      13,193,633.03                     4,333,688.14

                                                                                                                                 158
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


   Less: Non-operating expenses                                           9,131,886.91                  29,013,380.31
 III. Total profit (total loss is indicated with “-”)                 5,199,179,329.47               4,899,157,430.29
   Less: Income tax expenses                                            399,417,878.67                 491,752,405.59
 IV. Net profit (net loss is indicated with “-”)                      4,799,761,450.80               4,407,405,024.70
   (I) Net profit from continuing operations (net loss is
                                                                      4,799,761,450.80               4,407,405,024.70
 indicated with “-”)
   (II) Net profit from discontinued operations (net loss is
 indicated with “-”)
 V. Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                  250,018.48                  -6,855,667.55
      (I) Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                                                                         -2,017,048.84                  -2,067,513.33
 reclassified into profits or losses
         1. Changes arising from re-measurement of the defined
 benefit plan
         2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                                                                         -2,017,048.84                  -2,067,513.33
 reclassified into profits or losses under the equity method
         3. Changes in fair value of other equity instrument
 investments
         4. Changes in fair value of the enterprise’s credit risk
         5. Others
      (II) Other comprehensive income that will be reclassified
                                                                          2,267,067.32                  -4,788,154.22
 into profits or losses
         1. Other comprehensive income that can be reclassified
                                                                          2,267,067.32                  -4,788,154.22
 into profits or losses under the equity method
         2. Changes in fair value of other debt investments
        3. Amount of the financial asset reclassified into other
 comprehensive income
        4. Provision for credit impairment of other debt
 investments
         5. Cash flow hedging reserves
       6. Exchange differences from translation of statements
 denominated in foreign currencies
         7. Others
 VI. Total comprehensive income                                       4,800,011,469.28               4,400,549,357.15
 VII. Earnings per share
   (I) Basic earnings per share
   (II) Diluted earnings per share


5. Consolidated cash flow statement

                                                                                                             Unit: RMB
                                  Item                                  2025                          2024
 I. Cash flows from operating activities:
   Cash received from sales of goods or rendering of services          45,455,037,215.16            43,254,436,486.53
    Net increase in customer deposits and placements from
 financial institutions
   Net increase in borrowings from central bank
   Net increase in placements from other financial institutions

                                                                                                                   159
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


  Cash received from premiums of original insurance contracts
  Net cash received from reinsurance business
  Net increase in deposits of the insured and investment
  Cash received from interest, fees and commissions
   Net increase in placements from banks and other financial
institutions
  Net increase in repurchase business funds
  Net cash received from acting trading of securities
  Receipts from tax refunds                                                 11,120,849.57                13,465,000.80
  Other cash receipts related to operating activities                      823,606,335.85               612,105,342.04
Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities                      46,289,764,400.58            43,880,006,829.37
  Cash paid for goods purchased and services received                   31,295,057,710.69            31,321,052,292.37
  Net increase in loans and advances to customers
   Net increase in deposits with central bank and other financial
institutions
  Cash paid for claim settlements on original insurance contract
   Net increase in placements to banks and other financial
institutions
  Cash paid for interest, fees and commissions
  Cash paid for policy dividends
  Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                                3,084,089,638.03             2,787,102,422.47
  Payments of all types of taxes                                         3,005,176,969.94             2,490,279,928.72
  Other cash paid relating to operating activities                       4,305,746,201.48             2,984,569,043.54
Subtotal of cash outflows from operating activities                     41,690,070,520.14            39,583,003,687.10
Net cash flows from operating activities                                 4,599,693,880.44             4,297,003,142.27
II. Cash flows from investment activities:
  Cash received from disposal of investments                             6,651,743,736.65               553,145,988.51
  Cash received from returns on investments                                321,151,517.75               420,227,984.66
  Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets, intangible
                                                                             1,153,813.56                 2,832,967.00
assets and other long-term assets
  Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries and other
                                                                             1,680,000.00
business units
  Other cash received relating to investment activities                    966,194,049.98             7,043,006,500.00
Subtotal of cash inflows from investment activities                      7,941,923,117.94             8,019,213,440.17
  Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible assets and
                                                                           479,661,609.93               675,074,486.64
other long-term assets
  Cash paid for acquisition of investments                               8,120,040,000.00             3,400,000,000.00
  Net increase in pledged loans
  Net cash paid for acquisition of subsidiaries and other business
                                                                           500,320,758.81
units
  Other cash paid relating to investment activities                        827,237,810.00             5,143,140,000.00
Subtotal of cash outflows from investment activities                     9,927,260,178.74             9,218,214,486.64
Net cash flows from investment activities                               -1,985,337,060.80            -1,199,001,046.47


                                                                                                                    160
                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


 III. Cash flows from financing activities:
   Cash received from absorption of investments                                84,483,323.35
   Including: Cash received from subsidiaries’ absorbing
                                                                               84,483,323.35
 minority shareholder investment
   Cash received from borrowings                                              180,394,185.38             1,886,779,951.02
   Other cash received relating to financing activities                        70,733,636.26                75,292,510.43
 Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities                           335,611,144.99             1,962,072,461.45
   Cash payments for settlement of debts                                      432,074,541.69             2,833,409,772.47
   Cash payments for distribution of dividends and profits or
                                                                            4,042,319,473.77             5,951,560,088.74
 repayment of interest
   Including: Dividends and profits paid to minority shareholders
                                                                               10,838,079.03                 8,040,928.52
 by subsidiaries
   Other cash payments relating to financing activities                       210,208,928.13               154,837,764.12
 Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                        4,684,602,943.59             8,939,807,625.33
 Net cash flow from financing activities                                   -4,348,991,798.60            -6,977,735,163.88
 IV. Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash
                                                                               -8,661,908.99                 3,497,174.93
 equivalents
 V. Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                              -1,743,296,887.95            -3,876,235,893.15
   Plus: Opening balance of cash and cash equivalents                      10,275,529,575.34            14,151,765,468.49
 VI. Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents                           8,532,232,687.39            10,275,529,575.34


6. Cash flow statement of parent company

                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB
                                    Item                                      2025                        2024

 I. Cash flows from operating activities:

   Cash received from sales of goods or rendering of services               10,236,342,793.57            8,301,980,471.69

   Receipts from tax refunds

   Other cash receipts related to operating activities                      14,573,927,386.68            5,802,561,355.53

 Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities                         24,810,270,180.25           14,104,541,827.22

   Cash paid for goods purchased and services received                       2,368,000,845.50            2,068,505,819.43

   Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                                   1,486,787,999.25            1,289,767,253.56

   Payments of all types of taxes                                            1,468,913,003.99            1,021,449,917.67

   Other cash paid relating to operating activities                         14,400,408,558.71            7,147,859,678.29

 Subtotal of cash outflows from operating activities                        19,724,110,407.45           11,527,582,668.95

 Net cash flows from operating activities                                    5,086,159,772.80            2,576,959,158.27

 II. Cash flows from investment activities:

   Cash received from disposal of investments                                6,505,266,311.15              560,000,000.00

   Cash received from returns on investments                                   309,834,174.10              420,217,009.66
   Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets, intangible assets
                                                                                                             2,745,268.39
 and other long-term assets
                                                                                                                       161
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


  Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries and other business
units
  Other cash received relating to investment activities                       701,476,049.98            7,042,506,500.00

Subtotal of cash inflows from investment activities                         7,516,576,535.23            8,025,468,778.05
  Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible assets and
                                                                              178,715,758.64              272,704,559.21
other long-term assets
  Cash paid for acquisition of investments                                  8,130,000,000.00            3,420,000,000.00
  Net cash paid for acquisition of subsidiaries and other business
units
  Other cash paid relating to investment activities                           444,269,110.00            5,142,640,000.00

Subtotal of cash outflows from investment activities                        8,752,984,868.64            8,835,344,559.21

Net cash flows from investment activities                                  -1,236,408,333.41             -809,875,781.16

III. Cash flows from financing activities:

  Cash received from absorption of investments

  Cash received from borrowings                                               150,000,000.00            1,647,553,068.31

  Other cash received relating to financing activities                         70,733,636.26               75,292,510.43

Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities                            220,733,636.26            1,722,845,578.74

  Cash payments for settlement of debts                                       400,000,000.00            1,267,153,068.31
  Cash payments for distribution of dividends and profits or
                                                                            4,012,523,754.77            5,891,507,647.80
repayment of interest
  Other cash payments relating to financing activities                        105,639,142.30               77,774,307.15

Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                         4,518,162,897.07            7,236,435,023.26

Net cash flow from financing activities                                    -4,297,429,260.81           -5,513,589,444.52
IV. Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash
                                                                               -1,933,237.22                  286,219.52
equivalents
V. Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                 -449,611,058.64           -3,746,219,847.89

  Plus: Opening balance of cash and cash equivalents                        7,795,079,954.83           11,541,299,802.72

VI. Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents                            7,345,468,896.19            7,795,079,954.83




                                                                                                                      162
                                                                                                                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
                        7. Consolidated statement of changes in owners’ equity

                             Amount for the current period

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                2025


                                                                                                                      Owner’s equity attributable to parent company
             Item
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Minority
                                                        Other equity instruments                                                         Other                                             Provision                                                                        Total owners’ equity
                                                                                                                Less: Treasury                           Special                                                                                             interests
                                Share capital                                               Capital reserves                         comprehensive                     Surplus reserves   for general   Undisturbed profits   Others      Subtotal
                                                  Preferred     Perpetual                                           stock                                reserves
                                                                                   Others                                               income                                                risk
                                                   shares        bonds
I. Closing balance of the
                               1,784,262,603.00                                             17,637,148,823.48                        -101,263,356.31                   2,530,458,968.58                  16,981,339,385.76             38,831,946,424.51   34,138,137.76     38,866,084,562.27
previous year
    Plus: Changes in
accounting policies
           Correction of
errors in the prior period

            Others

II. Opening balance of the
                               1,784,262,603.00                                             17,637,148,823.48                        -101,263,356.31                   2,530,458,968.58                  16,981,339,385.76             38,831,946,424.51   34,138,137.76     38,866,084,562.27
current period
III. Increase/decrease for
the period (decrease is                                                                         -5,031,632.63                          -3,828,024.20                                                      1,220,972,076.76              1,212,112,419.93   69,303,846.15       1,281,416,266.08
indicated with “-”)
(I) Total comprehensive
                                                                                                                                       -3,828,024.20                                                      5,153,486,838.91              5,149,658,814.71   34,268,185.38       5,183,927,000.09
income
(II) Contribution and
withdrawal of capital by                                                                        37,009,868.76                                                                                                                             37,009,868.76    47,191,128.53          84,200,997.29
owners
1. Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           84,200,997.29          84,200,997.29
invested by owners
2. Capital invested by
holders of other equity
instruments
3. Amount of share
payment credited to
owners’ equity

4. Others                                                                                       37,009,868.76                                                                                                                             37,009,868.76    -37,009,868.76


(III) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                                -3,932,514,762.15             -3,932,514,762.15   -12,155,467.76     -3,944,670,229.91

1. Withdrawal of surplus
reserves



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     163
                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
2. Withdrawal of general
risk provision
3. Distribution to owners
                                                                                                           -3,932,514,762.15       -3,932,514,762.15   -12,155,467.76   -3,944,670,229.91
(or shareholders)

4. Others

(IV) Internal carry-over of
owner’s equity
1. Transfer of capital
reserves to capital (or
share capital)
2. Transfer of surplus
reserves to capital (or
share capital)
3. Covering loss with
surplus reserves
4. Change of defined
benefit plan carried
forward to retained
earnings
5. Other comprehensive
income carried forward to
retained earnings

6. Others


(V) Special reserves


1. Provision for the period

2. Utilization for the
period

(VI) Others                                         -42,041,501.39                                                                    -42,041,501.39                       -42,041,501.39

IV. Closing balance for
                              1,784,262,603.00   17,632,117,190.85   -105,091,380.51   2,530,458,968.58    18,202,311,462.52       40,044,058,844.44   103,441,983.91   40,147,500,828.35
the period




                                                                                                                                                                 164
                                                                                                                                                                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
                             Amount for the previous year
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                                                   2024
                                                                                                            Owner’s equity attributable to parent company
         Item                                       Other equity instruments                                                                                                                                                                     Minority       Total owners’
                                                                                                                               Other                                            Provision
                                                                                                        Less: Treasury                         Special         Surplus                        Undisturbed                                        interests         equity
                          Share capital       Preferred     Perpetual               Capital reserves                       comprehensive                                       for general                       Others      Subtotal
                                                                           Others                           stock                             reserves         reserves                         profits
                                               shares        bonds                                                            income                                               risk

I. Closing balance of
                         1,796,862,549.00                                           18,246,619,742.09   707,428,892.15      -89,538,172.13                  2,530,458,968.58                 18,102,147,836.12            39,879,122,031.51    26,238,350.71   39,905,360,382.22
the previous year
     Plus: Changes
in accounting
policies
           Correction
of errors in the prior
period
            Others
II. Opening balance
                         1,796,862,549.00                                           18,246,619,742.09   707,428,892.15      -89,538,172.13                  2,530,458,968.58                 18,102,147,836.12            39,879,122,031.51    26,238,350.71   39,905,360,382.22
of the current period
III.
Increase/decrease for
                           -12,599,946.00                                             -609,470,918.61   -707,428,892.15     -11,725,184.18                                                   -1,120,808,450.36            -1,047,175,607.00     7,899,787.05   -1,039,275,819.95
the period (decrease
is indicated with “-”)
(I) Total
comprehensive                             -                                                                                 -11,725,184.18                                                    4,749,415,499.55             4,737,690,315.37    15,940,715.57    4,753,631,030.94
income
(II) Contribution and
withdrawal of capital      -12,599,946.00                                             -694,828,946.15   -707,428,892.15
by owners
1. Ordinary shares
invested by owners
2. Capital invested
by holders of other
equity instruments
3. Amount of share
payment credited to
owners’ equity
4. Others                  -12,599,946.00                                             -694,828,946.15   -707,428,892.15
(III) Profit
                                                                                                                                                                                             -5,870,223,949.91            -5,870,223,949.91    -8,040,928.52   -5,878,264,878.43
distribution
1. Withdrawal of
surplus reserves
2. Withdrawal of
general risk
provision
3. Distribution to
owners (or                                                                                                                                                                                   -5,870,223,949.91            -5,870,223,949.91    -8,040,928.52   -5,878,264,878.43
shareholders)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       165
                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
4. Others
(IV) Internal carry-
over of owner’s
equity
1. Transfer of capital
reserves to capital
(or share capital)
2. Transfer of
surplus reserves to
capital (or share
capital)
3. Covering loss
with surplus reserves
4. Change of defined
benefit plan carried
forward to retained
earnings
5. Other
comprehensive
income carried
forward to retained
earnings
6. Others
(V) Special reserves
1. Provision for the
period
2. Utilization for the
period
(VI) Others                                    85,358,027.54                                                                     85,358,027.54                       85,358,027.54
IV. Closing balance
                         1,784,262,603.00   17,637,148,823.48   -101,263,356.31   2,530,458,968.58   16,981,339,385.76        38,831,946,424.51   34,138,137.76   38,866,084,562.27
for the period




                                                                                                                                                          166
                                                                                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
8. Statement of changes in owners’ equity of parent company

     Amount for the current period
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                  2025

             Item                                            Other equity instruments                                                  Other
                                                                                                                 Less: Treasury                        Special                          Undisturbed
                                      Share capital                                          Capital reserves                      comprehensive                   Surplus reserves                        Others   Total owners’ equity
                                                         Preferred     Perpetual                                     stock                            reserves                            profits
                                                                                    Others                                            income
                                                          shares        bonds
 I. Closing balance of the previous
 year                                 1,784,262,603.00                                       17,839,540,148.42                      -61,502,389.01                  2,529,297,618.08   2,287,686,657.27                24,379,284,637.76

      Plus: Changes in accounting
 policies
           Correction of errors in
 the prior period

             Others

 II. Opening balance of the current
 period                               1,784,262,603.00                                       17,839,540,148.42                      -61,502,389.01                  2,529,297,618.08   2,287,686,657.27                24,379,284,637.76

 III. Increase/decrease for the
 period (decrease is indicated with                                                             -42,041,501.39                           250,018.48                                      867,246,688.65                   825,455,205.74
 “-”)

 (I) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                          250,018.48                                    4,799,761,450.80                 4,800,011,469.28

 (II) Contribution and withdrawal
 of capital by owners
 1. Ordinary shares invested by
 owners
 2. Capital invested by holders of
 other equity instruments
 3. Amount of share payment
 credited to owners’ equity

 4. Others

 (III) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                             -3,932,514,762.15               -3,932,514,762.15

 1. Withdrawal of surplus reserves

 2. Distribution to owners (or
 shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                         -3,932,514,762.15               -3,932,514,762.15

 3. Others



                                                                                                                                                                                                                       167
                                                                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
(IV) Internal carry-over of
owner’s equity
1. Transfer of capital reserves to
capital (or share capital)
2. Transfer of surplus reserves to
capital (or share capital)
3. Covering loss with surplus
reserves
4. Change of defined benefit plan
carried forward to retained
earnings
5. Other comprehensive income
carried forward to retained
earnings

6. Others

(V) Special reserves

1. Provision for the period

2. Utilization for the period

(VI) Others                                                -42,041,501.39                                                                      -42,041,501.39

IV. Closing balance for the period   1,784,262,603.00   17,797,498,647.03   -61,252,370.53      2,529,297,618.08   3,154,933,345.92         25,204,739,843.50




                                                                                                                                            168
                                                                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
       Amount for the previous year

                                                                                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                       2024
                                                  Other equity instruments                                                Other
            Item                                                                                    Less: Treasury                      Special                                                      Total owners’
                             Share capital     Preferred   Perpetual            Capital reserves                      comprehensive                Surplus reserves   Undisturbed profits   Others
                                                                       Others                           stock                           reserves                                                        equity
                                                shares      bonds                                                        income
I. Closing balance of
the previous year           1,796,862,549.00                                    18,449,011,067.03   707,428,892.15     -54,646,721.46              2,529,297,618.08      3,750,505,582.48            25,763,601,202.98

    Plus: Changes in
accounting policies
           Correction of
errors in the prior
period
            Others
II. Opening balance of
the current period          1,796,862,549.00                                    18,449,011,067.03   707,428,892.15     -54,646,721.46              2,529,297,618.08      3,750,505,582.48            25,763,601,202.98

III. Increase/decrease
for the period (decrease      -12,599,946.00                                      -609,470,918.61   -707,428,892.15     -6,855,667.55                                   -1,462,818,925.21            -1,384,316,565.22
is indicated with “-”)
(I) Total comprehensive
income                                                                                                                  -6,855,667.55                                    4,407,405,024.70             4,400,549,357.15

(II) Contribution and
withdrawal of capital         -12,599,946.00                                      -694,828,946.15   -707,428,892.15
by owners
1. Ordinary shares
invested by owners
2. Capital invested by
holders of other equity
instruments
3. Amount of share
payment credited to
owners’ equity
4. Others                     -12,599,946.00                                      -694,828,946.15   -707,428,892.15
(III) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                               -5,870,223,949.91            -5,870,223,949.91
1. Withdrawal of
surplus reserves
2. Distribution to
owners (or                                                                                                                                                              -5,870,223,949.91            -5,870,223,949.91
shareholders)
3. Others
(IV) Internal carry-over
of owner’s equity

                                                                                                                                                                                                                169
                                                                                         2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
1. Transfer of capital
reserves to capital (or
share capital)
2. Transfer of surplus
reserves to capital (or
share capital)
3. Covering loss with
surplus reserves
4. Change of defined
benefit plan carried
forward to retained
earnings
5. Other comprehensive
income carried forward
to retained earnings
6. Others
(V) Special reserves
1. Provision for the
period
2. Utilization for the
period
(VI) Others                                     85,358,027.54                                                                     85,358,027.54
IV. Closing balance for
the period                1,784,262,603.00   17,839,540,148.42   -61,502,389.01   2,529,297,618.08   2,287,686,657.27          24,379,284,637.76




                                                                                                                                          170
                                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



III. Basic Information of the Company
     1. Place of registration, form of organization and address of headquarters of the Company
     The registered address of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd is No.3686 Yunnan Baiyao Street, Chenggong
District, Kunming, Yunnan Province. The Company is established as a joint-stock limited company with its head
office located at No.3686 Yunnan Baiyao Street, Chenggong District, Kunming, Yunnan Province.
     2. History of the Company
     The Company was formerly known as Yunnan Baiyao Factory, which was established in June 1971. On May
3, 1993, Yunnan Provincial System Reform Committee approved the establishment of Yunnan Baiyao Industrial
Co., Ltd in the Document Yun Ti Gai [1993] No.48. The Company’s sponsors were Yunnan Baiyao Factory,
Yunnan Fudian Trust and Investment Company and Lianjiang International Trade Co., Ltd. On June 18, 1993,
the Economic System Reform Commission and the Planning Commission of Yunnan Province jointly issued the
Document Yun Ti Gai [1993] No.74 to approve the Company’s public offering of RMB 20 million of individual
shares (in the par value of the shares). On June 24, 1993, the Administration of State-owned Assets of Yunnan
Province issued the Document Yun Guo Zi Zi (1993) No.37 to confirm the appraisal results of Yunnan Baiyao
Factory and decided to set up RMB 40 million of national capital stock, amounting to 40 million shares. Yunnan
Baiyao Industrial Co., Ltd was approved by CSRC under the Document Zheng Jian Fa Shen Zi (1993) No.55 to
issue 20 million RMB-denominated ordinary shares to the public. Yunnan Baiyao issued 20 million shares to the
public in November 1993, of which 18 million shares were issued to the public individuals and 2 million shares
to the Company’s internal employees.
     On November 30, 1993, the Company was registered as a joint-stock limited company with the
Administration for Industry and Commerce of Yunnan Province, and on December 15, 1993, the public shares
issued by the Company were listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, with a total share capital of 80 million
shares and a stock code of “000538.”
     In accordance with the resolutions passed at the third Extraordinary General Meeting of the fifth Board of
Directors of the Company in 2008 on August 11, 2008, and at the first Extraordinary General Meeting of the
Company in 2008 on August 27, 2008, and the approval by the CSRC on the Document (2008) No.1411 Reply on
Approving the Private Issuance of Shares of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd, the Company issued 50,000,000 new
shares to Ping An Life Insurance Company of China Limited in a private offering, raising funds of RMB
1,393,500,000.00 (including issuance expenses), all of which were subscribed in cash. The share capital of the
Company increased from 484,051,138 shares to 534,051,138 shares after the implementation of the above
private offerings.
     In accordance with the 2009 Annual Equity Distribution Plan approved at the General Meeting of the Company
in May 2010, 3 shares were issued to all shareholders from the capital reserve as a bonus for every 10 shares held.
The Company’s share capital amounted to 534,051,138 shares prior to the distribution, and the total share capital
increased to 694,266,479 shares after the distribution.
     The 2013 Annual General Meeting was held on May 8, 2014, and in accordance with the resolution of the
meeting and the amended articles of association, the shareholders of the Company increased the registered capital
by RMB 347,133,239.00. The newly registered capital would be increased by the distribution of 5 bonus shares for

                                                                                                                  171
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

every 10 shares to all shareholders based on the Company’s existing total share capital of 694,266,479 shares. After
the change, the share capital of the Company increased from 694,266,479 shares to 1,041,399,718 shares.
     The Company underwent a merger and overall listing with Baiyao Holdings by issuing shares to three
shareholders of Baiyao Holdings: SASAC of Yunnan Province, New Huadu and Jiangsu Yuyue. This merger and
overall listing were successfully completed on June 1, 2019, with the Company as the existing entity. As a result,
the Company acquired all the assets, liabilities, businesses, contracts, and other rights and obligations of Baiyao
Holdings. Following the completion of the transaction, the 432,426,597 shares of the listed company previously
held by Baiyao Holdings were canceled. The merger and overall listing brought in a newly registered capital of
RMB 236,003,599.00, and the Company’s total share capital amounted to RMB 1,277,403,317.00 after this change.
A total of 236,003,599 newly issued shares subject to trading moratorium were issued, with a listing date of July 3,
2019, and the shares were listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. Upon completion of this transaction, SASAC
of Yunnan Province and New Huadu with its acting-in-concert parties, were equally the largest shareholder of the
Company, and neither of them obtained control over the Company.
     On May 22, 2020, SASAC of Yunnan Province transferred its 321,160,222 shares of the Company to State-
owned Equity Management Company at nil consideration. Upon completion of this transfer, State-owned Equity
Management Company and New Huadu with its acting-in-concert parties, were equally the largest shareholder of
the Company, and there was no change in the Company’s situation of not having a de facto controller or controlling
shareholder.
     On December 8, 2021, SASAC of Yunnan Province transferred 100% of its shares of State-owned Equity
Management Company into Yunnan Investment Group. After the equity transfer, Yunnan Investment Group held
321,160,222 shares of the Company through the State-owned Equity Management Company, accounting for 25.04%
of the total share capital of the Company. State-owned Equity Management Company and New Huadu with its acting-
in-concert parties, were equally the largest shareholder of the Company, and there was no change in the Company’s
situation of not having a de facto controller or controlling shareholder.
     On April 20, 2022, the Company’s 2021 Annual Equity Distribution Plan had been considered and approved
at the Company’s 2021 Annual General Meeting, and the details of 2021 Annual Equity Distribution Plan were as
follows: Based on the total share capital on the equity registration date when the distribution plan was implemented
in the future, a cash dividend of RMB 16.00 (including tax) for every 10 shares and 4.00 bonus shares (including
tax) for every 10 shares would be distributed to all shareholders, and there would be no conversion of share capital
from the capital reserve. On April 21, 2020, the fourth session of the ninth Board of Directors of the Company in
2020 and the third session of the ninth Supervisory Committee of the Company in 2020 respectively considered
and approved the Proposal on Granting Stock Options (Initially Granted Part) to Incentive Participants of the 2020
Equity Incentive Plan. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had completed distributing dividends of
513,206,278 shares and stock exercises of 941,029 shares, increasing its share capital to 1,796,862,549 shares.
 On April 23, 2024, the Company disclosed the Announcement on Completion of Cancellation of the Repurchased
Shares and Changes in Shares (Announcement No. 2024-21). The Company completed the cancellation of the
aforesaid 12,599,946 repurchased shares at the Shenzhen Branch of China Securities Depository and Clearing
Corporation Limited on April 19, 2024. Upon completion of the cancellation of the shares repurchased, the total
number of shares of the Company was 1,784,262,603.00. The shares repurchased for cancellation will not have a
                                                                                                                    172
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

material impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.
     As of December 31, 2025, the Company has a total capital of 1,784,262,603 shares, with 0 shares in treasury.
The situation that the Company has no de facto controller and no controlling shareholder remain unchanged.
     3. Business nature and principal businesses of the Company
     The business nature and operating activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as
the “Group”) mainly include: R&D, manufacturing, and sales of chemical APIs, chemical preparations, Chinese
patent medicines, TCM materials, biological products, medical devices, healthcare food, food, beverages, special
labor protection products, non-household textile products, daily chemical products, cosmetics, outdoor products;
Sales of rubber pastes, plasters, disinfectant products, electronic and digital products; Information technology,
science and technology and economic and technological consulting services; Import and export of goods; Property
operation and management (carrying out business activities with qualification certificates), wholesale and retail of
drugs, logistics and distribution, etc (For items that require approval according to law, business activities of these
projects can only be carried out after approval by relevant departments).
     4. These financial statements were approved for reporting by a resolution of the Board of Directors of
the Company dated March 31, 2026.
     As of December 31, 2025, there were 114 subsidiaries and structured entities included in the scope of the
Group’s consolidated financial statements. For details, please refer to Note X “Interest in Other Entities.” The
Group had 6 new entities included in its consolidated financial statements compared to the end of the previous
year, while 3 entity were excluded.
IV. Basis for Preparation of Financial Statements
1. Basis for preparation
     The financial statements of the Group are prepared on the basis of going concern assumptions, based on actual
transactions and events that occur and in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises - Basic
Standards issued by the Ministry of Finance (issued by Decree No. 33 of the Ministry of Finance, revised by Decree
No. 76 of the Ministry of Finance), 40 specific accounting standards, Guidelines for the Application of Accounting
Standards for Business Enterprises, interpretations of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and other
relevant provisions promulgated and revised on and after February 15, 2006 (collectively “Accounting Standards
for Business Enterprises” or “ASBEs”), as well the disclosure provisions of the Rules No.15 for Governing the
Disclosure of Information by Companies Issuing Public Securities - General Provisions for Financial Reporting
(Revised in 2023) issued by CSRC.

     In accordance with the relevant provisions of the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, the Group’s
accounting is based on the accrual basis. Except for certain financial instruments, these financial statements are
prepared at historical cost. In case of asset impairment, provision for impairment would be made according to the
relevant regulations.
2. Going concern basis

     The Company and the Group evaluated their abilities to continue as a going concern for the 12 months from
the end of the reporting period and there are no material matters affecting their abilities to continue as a going
concern.

                                                                                                                    173
                                                                           2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


V．Significant Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates
Notes on specific accounting policies and accounting estimates:

     Based on the actual production and operation characteristics and in accordance with the provisions of relevant
accounting standards for enterprises, the Group has formulated a number of specific accounting policies and
accounting estimates for transactions and matters such as revenue recognition and R&D expenses. For details, see
the descriptions under Section 31 “Revenue” under this Note V. For the descriptions of significant accounting
judgments and estimates made by the management, please refer to Section 36 “Other Significant Accounting
Policies and Accounting Estimates” under this Note V.
1. Statement of compliance with the ASBEs

     The financial statements prepared by the Company are in compliance with the requirements of the Accounting
Standards for Business Enterprises (ASBEs), and have reflected truly and completely such relevant information as
the financial positions of the Company and the Group as of December 31, 2025 as well as the business results and
cash flows of the Company and the Group for 2025. In addition, all significant aspects of the financial statements
of the Company and the Group also comply with the disclosure requirements about the financial statements and
their notes in the Rules No.15 for Governing the Disclosure of Information by Companies Issuing Public Securities
- General Provisions for Financial Reporting as amended by the CSRC in 2023.

2. Accounting period

     The Group’s accounting periods are divided into annual and interim periods. An interim period refers to a
reporting period less than a full accounting year. The accounting year of the Group is the calendar year that starts
from January 1 and ends on December 31.
3. Operating cycle

     The normal operating cycle refers to the period from purchasing the assets for processing to realizing the cash
or cash equivalents. The operating cycle of the Group consists of 12 months which is the standard of the
classification for the liquidity of the assets and liabilities.
4. Reporting currency

     RMB is the currency used in the major economic environment where the Company and its domestic
subsidiaries operate. The reporting currency of the Company and its domestic subsidiaries is RMB. The Company’s
foreign subsidiaries select HKD as their reporting currencies based on the currency of the primary economic
environment in which they operate. The currency used by the Group in preparing the financial statements is RMB.
5. Determination method and selection basis of materiality standards

RApplicable                   □Not applicable


                               Item                                                      Materiality standards
                                                                  The single provision amount accounts for more than 10% of the
Significant accounts receivable, bad debt provisions to be
                                                                  total amount of bad debt provision for various types of receivables
recovered or reversed
                                                                  and the amount is greater than RMB 5 million.
Actual write-off of significant receivables                       The value of a single item is greater than RMB 5 million
                                                                  Projects with budgets exceeding RMB 50 million or deemed to be
Significant construction in progress
                                                                  of significance.
                                                                                                                           174
                                                                           2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

                                                                  The amount of a single advance receipt with an age of more than 1
Significant advance receipts
                                                                  year is greater than RMB 5 million
                                                                  A single contractual liability with an age of more than 1 year
Significant contract liabilities                                  accounts for more than 10% of the total contractual liabilities and
                                                                  the amount is greater than RMB 100 million
                                                                  The amount of a single account payable is greater than RMB 5
Significant accounts payable aged over one year or overdue
                                                                  million
Significant other payables aged over one year or overdue          The amount of a single item is greater than RMB 5 million

Significant dividends payable outstanding for over one year       The amount of a single item is greater than RMB 100 million
Receipts and payments of significant cash related to investment
                                                                  The amount of a single item is greater than RMB 100 million
activities
Significant offshore operating entity                             The net assets of the economic entity exceed RMB 100 million

Significant structured entity                                     The net assets of the structured entity exceed RMB 2 million

Significant non-wholly-owned subsidiaries                         The net assets of the subsidiary exceed RMB 100 million
                                                                  R&D projects with individual investment exceeding 2% of net
Significant capitalized R&D projects
                                                                  assets, and other key R&D projects identified by the Company
                                                                  R&D projects with individual investment exceeding 2% of net
Significant outsourced project under research
                                                                  assets, and other key R&D projects identified by the Company
                                                                  A single investment activity accounts for more than 10% of the
Significant investment activities                                 total cash inflow or outflow related to the investment activities and
                                                                  the amount is greater than RMB 1 billion
                                                                  The book value of long-term equity investment in a single investee
                                                                  accounts for more than 5% of the Group’s net assets and the
Significant joint ventures or associates                          amount is greater than RMB 1 billion, or the investment profit and
                                                                  loss under the long-term equity investment equity method accounts
                                                                  for more than 10% of the Group’s consolidated net profit
                                                                  The net assets of the subsidiary account for more than 10% of the
                                                                  Group’s net assets, or the net profits of subsidiary account for more
Significant subsidiaries
                                                                  than 10% of the Group’s consolidated profits, and the subsidiaries
                                                                  with significant strategic position


6. Accounting treatment for business combination under common control and not under common control

     A business combination refers to the transaction or matter in which one reporting subject formed due to the
combination of two or above separate entities. A business combination can be classified as the combination under
common control and not under common control.
      (1) Business combination under common control

     A business combination under common control is a business combination in which all of the combining entities
are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both before and after the combination, and that control is not
transitory. For a business combination under common control, the party that obtains the control of the other parties
on the combination date is the acquirer, and other parties involving in the business combination are the acquirees.
The combination date is the date on which the acquirer effectively obtains the control of the acquirees.

     Assets and liabilities that are obtained by the acquirer in a business combination shall be measured at their book
value at the combination date as recorded by the acquirees. The difference between the book value of the net assets
obtained and the book value of the consideration paid by the acquirer for the combination (or the aggregate par value
of the issued shares) shall be adjusted to share premium under capital reserve (or capital premium). If the share
premium under capital reserve (or capital premium) is not sufficient to absorb the difference, any excess shall be
adjusted against retained earnings.

     Expenses that are directly attributable to the business combination by the acquirer are charged to the current
                                                                                                                                 175
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

profits and losses in which they are incurred.
     (2) Business combination not under common control

     A business combination not under common control is a business combination in which all of the combining
entities are not ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both before and after the combination. For a
business combination not under common control, the party that obtains the control of the other parties on the
acquisition date is the acquirer; other parties involving in the business combination are the acquirees. The acquisition
date is the date on which the acquirer effectively obtains control of the acquirees.

     For a business combination not under common control, the cost of business combination is the fair value of
assets paid, liabilities incurred or undertaken, and equity securities issued by the acquirer for obtaining the control
of the acquirees at the acquisition date. Expenses that are attributable to the business combination such as audit fees,
legal services fees, consultancy fees and other administration expenses incurred by the Company as acquirer are
expensed in the current profits and losses in which they are incurred. Transaction fees of equity securities or debt
securities issued by the acquirer as consideration for a business combination are included in the initially recognized
amount of equity securities or debt securities. Contingent consideration involved is recorded as the combination cost
at its fair value on the acquisition date. Should any new or further evidence in relation to the circumstances existing
on the acquisition date arise within 12 months after the acquisition date, making it necessary to adjust the contingent
consideration, the goodwill arising from the business combination shall be adjusted accordingly. The cost of
combination incurred and identifiable net assets obtained by the acquirer in a business combination are measured at
fair value on the acquisition date. Where the cost of the combination exceeds the acquirer’s interest in the fair value
of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets on the acquisition date, the difference is recognized as goodwill; Where the
cost of combination is lower than the acquirer’s interest in the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets on
the acquisition date, the difference is recognized in current profits and losses after a review of measurement for the
fair value of identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the acquiree and the combination cost.

     In relation to the deductible temporary difference acquired from the acquiree, which was not recognized as
deferred tax assets due to non-fulfillment of the recognition criteria at the date of the acquisition, if new or further
information that is obtained within 12 months after the acquisition date indicates that related conditions at the
acquisition date already existed, and that the realization of the economic benefits brought by the deductible
temporary difference of the acquiree on the acquisition date can be expected, the relevant deferred tax assets shall
be recognized and goodwill shall be deducted accordingly. When the amount of goodwill is less than the deferred
tax assets that shall be recognized, the difference shall be recognized in the current profits and losses. Except for the
above circumstances, deferred tax assets in relation to business combination are recognized in the current profits
and losses.
     For a business combination involving entities not under common control that is achieved in stages, the
Company shall determine whether the business combination shall be treated as “a bundle of transactions” in
accordance with the determination standards as contained in the Circular on the Publishment of Interpretation No.5
on Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises Issued by the Ministry of Finance (Finance and Taxation (2012)
No. 19) and Section 51 of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No.33 - Consolidated Financial
Statements (See Item (2) of Section 6 “Preparation of the consolidated financial statements” under this Note V).
                                                                                                                      176
                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

Where the business combination is treated as “a bundle of transactions,” the business combination shall be accounted
for in accordance with the previous paragraphs and Section 17 “Long-term equity investments” of this Note V;
where the business combination does not fall within “a bundle of transactions,” the business combination in the
Company’s and the consolidated financial statements shall be accounted for as follows:

     In the Company’s financial statements, the initial cost of the investment shall be the sum of the book value of
equity investment held in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date and the amount of additional investment made to
the acquiree at the acquisition date. Other comprehensive income relating to the equity interest held in the acquiree
prior to the acquisition date shall be, upon disposal of the investment, accounted for in accordance with the same
basis as that the acquiree adopts in directly disposing of relevant assets or liabilities.

     In the consolidated financial statements, the equity interest held in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date is
re-measured according to its fair value at the acquisition date; the difference between the fair value and the book
value is recognized as investment income for the current period. Other comprehensive income relating to the equity
interest held in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date shall be accounted for in accordance with the same basis as
that the acquiree adopts in directly disposing of relevant assets or liabilities.
7. Judgement criteria of control and preparation of consolidated financial statements
     (1) Criteria for the recognition of scope of consolidated financial statements

     The scope of consolidation shall be determined based on the concept of control. Control means that the Group
has power over the investee, enjoys variable returns through its participation in the investee’s related activities, and
has the ability to use its power over the investee to influence the amount of its returns. The consolidated financial
statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and all of its subsidiaries, which are defined as those
entities controlled by the Group.

     Once any change in the facts and circumstances arises which leads to a change in the elements involved in the
definition of control, the Group will conduct an assessment.
     (2) Preparation of consolidated financial statements

     Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains their net assets and actual control over
their operating decisions, and are deconsolidated from the date when such control ceases. For subsidiaries being
disposed of, the business results and cash flows prior to the date of disposal are duly included in the consolidated
income statement and consolidated cash flow statement; for subsidiaries disposed of during the period, the opening
balances of the consolidated balance sheet would not be restated. For subsidiaries acquired from a business
combination not under common control, their operating results and cash flows subsequent to the acquisition date are
included in the consolidated income statement and consolidated cash flow statement, and the opening balances and
comparative figures in the consolidated financial statements would not be restated. For subsidiaries acquired from
a business combination under common control and acquirees from a merger by absorption, their operating results
and cash flows from the date of commencement of the period in which the combination occurred to the date of
combination are included in the consolidated income statement and consolidated cash flow statement, and the
comparative figures in the consolidated financial statements would be restated.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, where the accounting policies or the accounting periods are

                                                                                                                       177
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

inconsistent between the Company and subsidiaries, the financial statements of subsidiaries are adjusted in
accordance with the accounting policies and accounting period of the Company. For subsidiaries acquired from a
business combination involving enterprises not under common control, the financial statements of the subsidiaries
are adjusted based on the fair value of the identifiable net assets at the acquisition date.

     All significant intra-group balances, transactions and unrealized profits are offset in preparing the consolidated
financial statements.

     The portion of a subsidiary’s equity and the portion of a subsidiary’s net profits and losses for the period not
attributable to the Company are recognized as minority interests and profits and losses attributable to minority
interests respectively, which are presented under shareholders’ equity and net profit separately, in the consolidated
financial statement. A subsidiary’s net current profits and losses attributable to minority interests is recognized as
“share of profits and losses of minority interests” under net profit in the consolidated income statement. When the
amount of a subsidiary’s loss attributable to the minority shareholders exceeds the minority shareholders’ share of
the opening balance of shareholders’ equity of the subsidiary, the excess is deducted from the minority interests.

     In event of loss of control over a former subsidiary due to disposal of certain equity investments or other reasons,
any retained equity is re-measured at its fair value on the date when the control is lost. The surplus of the aggregate
considerations received upon disposal of equity plus the fair value of any retained equity less the share of net assets
in the former subsidiary calculated cumulatively from the acquisition date based on the original shareholding
percentage is included in the investment income for the period when the control is lost. Other comprehensive income
related to the equity investment in the former subsidiary shall be accounted for on the same basis at the time of loss
of control as the subsidiary directly disposed of the related asset or liability. Then, the remaining equity shall be
measured subsequently in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 2 - Long-term
Equity Investments or Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 22 - The Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Instruments and other regulations. For details, please see Section 17 “Long-term equity investments”
or Section 11 “Financial instruments” under this Note V.

     For disposal of the Group’s equity investments in a subsidiary in phases through multiple transactions until
loss of control, it is determined based on whether such transactions should be regarded as a bundle of transactions.
If the terms, conditions and economic effects of all transactions are conducted for the purpose of disposing of the
equity investments in a subsidiary and meet the following one or more criteria, it is usually shown that such multiple
transactions are deemed as a bundle of transactions for accounting treatment: ① These transactions were entered
into at the same time or upon the consideration of the effects therebetween; ② These transactions can only generate
one complete business result when conducted all together; ③ The occurrence of one transaction depends on the
occurrence of at least one other transaction; and ④ One transaction alone is not economical, but is economical when
considered with other transactions. When the transactions do not constitute a bundle of transactions, each transaction
thereof shall be accounted in accordance with principles applicable to the “disposal of part of long-term equity
investments in a subsidiary that does not result in the loss of control” (please see Item (2) ④ of Section 17 “Long-
term equity investments” under this Note V for details) and “loss of control over a former subsidiary due to disposal
of certain equity investments or other reasons” (please see the preceding paragraph for details). If such transactions
fall under a bundle of transactions, those transactions are accounted for as one deal under which the subsidiary is
                                                                                                                      178
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

disposed of and control is lost. However, before the control over the subsidiary is lost, the surplus between
consideration received for each disposal and the value of corresponding share of net assets in the subsidiary entitled
by the investment underlying the disposal shall be recognized as other comprehensive income in the consolidated
financial statements, and, when control is lost, converted into investment income or loss for the period in which
control is lost.
8. Classification of joint venture arrangements and accounting treatment method for joint operations

     Joint venture arrangement means an arrangement under the common control of two or more parties. The Group
classifies the joint venture arrangement into joint operations and joint ventures based on the rights and obligations
it enjoys and assumes in the joint venture arrangement. Joint operation means a joint venture arrangement in which
the Group owns the assets and assumes the liabilities associated with the arrangement. Joint venture means a joint
venture arrangement in which the Group only has rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

     The Group’s investments in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method and are treated in
accordance with the accounting policies described in Item (2) ② “Long-term equity investments accounted for
using the equity method” in Section 17 “Long-term equity investments” under this Note V.

     For the joint operations, the Group, as a joint venture party, recognizes the assets and liabilities separately held
by the Group, as well as the assets and liabilities jointly held by the Group in accordance with the Group’s share;
recognizes the income arising from the disposal of the Group’s share of joint operation output; recognizes the income
from the sale of outputs from joint operations based on the Group’s share; and recognizes the expenses incurred by
the Group alone and the expenses incurred based on the Group’s share in the joint operation.

     When the Group, as a joint venture party, invests in or sells assets to the joint venture (which do not constitute
a business, the same below), or purchases assets from the joint operation, the Group recognizes only those portions
of the profits and losses arising from the transaction that are attributable to other participants in the joint operation,
prior to the sale of such assets to a third party. In the event that such assets incur asset impairment losses in
accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standard for Enterprises No. 8 - Asset Impairment, the Group will
fully recognize such losses if the assets are invested or sold by the Group to the joint operation; In the case of assets
purchased by the Group from the joint operation, the Group will recognize such losses on the basis of its share of
commitment.
9. Determination standards for cash and cash equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents of the Group include the cash on hand, deposits that can be used for payment at any
time, the investments that are held for a short period of time (generally maturing within three months from the date
of purchase) which are highly liquid, easily convertible to known amounts of cash, and having minimal risk of
changes in value.
10. Foreign currency business and foreign currency statement translation
     The method for determining the conversion exchange rate in foreign currency transactions

     Upon initial recognition, the foreign currency transactions of the Group are converted into the amount of
reporting currency according to the spot exchange rate of the trading day (usually referring to the median price of
the foreign exchange rate of the day published by the People’s Bank of China, the same below).

                                                                                                                      179
                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

     (1) Translation of foreign currency monetary items and foreign currency non-monetary items

     On the balance sheet date, if the foreign currency monetary items are translated at the spot rate of the balance
sheet date, the resulting exchange difference, except for ① Exchange differences arising from special loans in
foreign currencies related to the acquisition and construction of assets eligible for capitalization, which shall be
treated in accordance with the principle of capitalization of borrowing costs; ② Exchange differences of hedging
instruments used to operate effective hedging of net investment abroad (this difference is included in other
comprehensive income and is not recognized as current profits and losses until the net investment is disposed of)
and ③ foreign currency monetary items classified as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income,
shall be recorded into current profits and losses, provided that exchange differences resulting from changes in other
book balances other than amortized costs (including impairment) shall be recorded in other comprehensive income.

     The non-monetary foreign currency items measured at historical cost shall be measured at the amount of
reporting currency that is translated into based on the spot rate on the transaction date. For non-monetary foreign
currency items measured at fair value, the exchange rate prevailing at the date when the fair value is determined is
used for translation, and the difference between the translated amount of the reporting currency and the original
amount of the reporting currency shall be treated as the change in fair value (including change of exchange rate) and
recorded in current profits and losses or recognized as other comprehensive income.
     (2) Translation of foreign currency financial statement

     Foreign currency financial statements of overseas operations are translated into RMB statements in the
following ways: The items of assets and liabilities in the balance sheet were translated at the spot exchange rate on
the balance sheet date. The shareholders’ equity items are translated at the spot rate at the time of occurrence except
for the “undistributed profit” items. The income and expense items in the income statement are converted using the
average exchange rate of the current period on the date of occurrence of the transaction. The undistributed profit at
the beginning of the year is the undistributed profit at the end of the year after the conversion of the previous year;
The undistributed profit at the end of the period is calculated and shown on the basis of each item of profit
distribution after translation; The difference between the total amount of asset items and liability items and
shareholders’ equity items after translation is treated as the difference in the translation of foreign currency
statements and recognized as other comprehensive income. Upon disposal of an overseas operation and loss of
control, the conversion difference of the foreign currency statement related to the overseas operation, as shown
under the shareholders’ equity item in the balance sheet, shall be transferred to the profits and losses of the disposal
of the current period in full or in proportion to the disposal of the overseas operation.

     Foreign currency cash flow and cash flow of overseas subsidiaries shall be translated at the spot exchange rate
in the period when the cash flow is generated. The effect of exchange rate changes on cash is presented separately
in the cash flow statement as an adjustment item.

     The figures for the beginning of the year and the actual figures for the previous year are presented in accordance
with the amounts of the financial statements of the previous year after translation.

     Upon the disposal of all the owners’ equity of the Group’s overseas operations or the loss of control over
overseas operations due to the disposal of part of the equity investment or other reasons, the translation difference

                                                                                                                     180
                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

of the foreign currency statement related to the owners’ equity of the overseas operations attributable to the parent
company, as shown under the shareholders’ equity item in the balance sheet, shall be fully transferred to the profits
and losses of the disposal period.

     When part of the equity investment is disposed of or the proportion of overseas operating interest is reduced
for other reasons but the control of overseas operations is not lost, the difference in the translation of foreign currency
statements related to the disposal part of the overseas operation will be attributed to the minority shareholders’
equity and will not be transferred to the current profits and losses. Upon disposal of part of the equity of the overseas
operation as an associate or joint venture, the translation difference of the foreign currency statement related to the
overseas operation shall be transferred to the profits and losses of the disposal period in proportion to the disposal
of the overseas operation.

     If there are foreign currency monetary items that substantially constitute net investments in overseas operations,
the exchange difference resulting from changes in exchange rates shall be recognized as other comprehensive
income in the consolidated financial statements as “translation difference in foreign currency statements;” Upon
disposal of the overseas operations, it shall be included in the profits and losses of the disposal period.
11. Financial instruments

     When the Group becomes a party to a financial instrument contract, it shall recognize a financial asset or
financial liability.
     (1) Classification, recognition and measurement of financial assets

     The Group has classified the financial assets as financial assets at amortized cost; financial assets at fair value
through other comprehensive income and financial assets at fair value through profits and losses based on the
business model for managing financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets.

     Financial assets are measured at fair value on initial recognition. For financial assets at fair value through profits
and losses, the related transaction costs are recognized directly in profits and losses; and for other categories of
financial assets, the related transaction costs are recognized in initial recognition amounts. For the accounts
receivable or notes receivable arising from the sale of products or the provision of services that do not contain or
take into account a significant financing component, the amount of consideration to which the Group is expected to
be entitled shall be taken as the initial recognition amount.

     ① Financial assets at amortized cost

     The Group’s business model of managing financial assets at amortized cost is aimed at the collection of
contractual cash flows, and the contractual cash flow characteristics of such financial assets are consistent with the
basic borrowing arrangement, that is, the cash flows generated on a specific date are only payments of principal and
interest based on the outstanding principal amount. For such financial assets, the effective interest rate method is
used for subsequent measurement at amortized cost, and any profits or losses arising from amortization or
impairment is included in the current profits and losses.

     ② Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income

     The Group’s business model of managing such financial assets is aimed at the collection and disposal of

                                                                                                                       181
                                                                         2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

contractual cash flows, and the contractual cash flow characteristics of such financial assets are consistent with the
basic borrowing arrangement. The Group measures such financial assets at fair value and their changes are
recognized in other comprehensive income, but impairment losses or gains, exchange profits and losses and interest
income calculated under the effective interest rate method are recognized in current profits and losses.

     In addition, the Group has designated certain non-trading equity instrument investments as financial assets at
fair value through other comprehensive income. The Group recognizes the relevant dividend income of such
financial assets in current profits and losses and the fair value changes in other comprehensive income. Upon the
derecognition of the financial assets, the accumulated profits and losses previously recognized in other
comprehensive income are transferred from other comprehensive income to retained earnings and are not recognized
in the current profits and losses.

    ③ Financial assets at fair value through profits and losses

     The Group’s financial assets other than those at amortized cost and those at fair value through other
comprehensive income as described above are classified as financial assets at fair value through profits and losses.
In addition, at the time of initial recognition, in order to eliminate or significantly reduce accounting misalignments,
the Group designated certain financial assets as financial assets at fair value through profits and losses. Such
financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in the current profits
and losses.
     (2) Classification, recognition and measurement of financial liabilities

     Financial liabilities are classified as financial liabilities at fair value through profits and losses and other
financial liabilities at the time of initial recognition. For financial liabilities at fair value through profits and losses,
the related transaction costs are recognized directly in profits or losses, and for other financial liabilities, the related
transaction costs are recognized in their initial recognition amounts.

    ① Financial liabilities at fair value through profits and losses

     The financial liabilities at fair value through profits and losses include financial liabilities held for trading
(including derivatives that are financial liabilities) and those designated as financial liabilities at fair value through
profits and losses at the initial recognition.

     Financial liabilities held for trading (including derivatives that are financial liabilities) are subsequently
measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in current profits and losses, except for those related
to hedge accounting.

     For those designated as financial liabilities at fair value through profits and losses, the change in fair value of
such liabilities caused by changes in the Group’s own credit risk is included in other comprehensive income, and
the cumulative change in its fair value caused by changes in its own credit risk included in other comprehensive
income is transferred to retained earnings when such liabilities are derecognized. Other changes in fair value are
included in current profits and losses. If the treatment of the effect of the change in the credit risk of the financial
liabilities in the manner described above would cause or widen the accounting mismatch in profits and losses, the
Group would recognize the full profits or losses of the financial liabilities (including the amount affected by the
change in the credit risk of the enterprise) in the current profits and losses.
                                                                                                                         182
                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

    ② Other financial liabilities

     Financial liabilities other than those resulting from the transfer of financial assets that does not meet the
conditions for derecognition or continues to be involved in the transfer of financial assets, and other financial
liabilities excluding financial guarantee contracts are classified as financial liabilities at amortized cost, which are
subsequently measured at amortized cost, and the profits and losses resulting from the derecognition or amortization
are included in current profits and losses.
     (3) Recognition basis and measurement method for transfer of financial assets

     A financial asset is derecognized if it meets any of the following conditions: ① The contractual right to receive
the cash flow of the financial asset is terminated; ② The financial asset has been transferred, and substantially all
the risks and returns of ownership of the financial asset have been transferred to the transferee; ③ The financial
asset has been transferred, substantially all the risks and returns of ownership of the financial asset have neither been
transferred nor retained, but the control over the financial asset has been relinquished.

     If neither substantially all the risks and returns of ownership of a financial asset are transferred nor retained,
and the control over the financial asset is not relinquished, the underlying financial asset shall be recognized to the
extent of its continuing involvement in the transferred financial asset, and the related liability shall be recognized
accordingly. The extent of continued involvement in the transferred financial asset is the level of risk to which the
enterprise is exposed as a result of changes in the value of that financial asset.

     If the overall transfer of financial assets meets the conditions for derecognition, the difference between the
book value of the transferred financial assets and the consideration received as a result of the transfer and the
cumulative change in the fair value originally included in other comprehensive income is included in the current
profits and losses.

     If the partial transfer of financial assets meets the conditions for derecognition, the book value of the transferred
financial assets shall be apportioned between the portion derecognized and the portion not for derecognition
according to their relative fair value. The difference between the sum of the consideration received as a result of the
transfer and the cumulative changes in fair value originally included in other comprehensive income that should be
apportioned to the portion derecognized and the above-mentioned book value apportioned are recognized in current
profits and losses.

     If the Group sells the financial assets by recourse or makes endorsement transfer of the financial assets it holds,
it is necessary to determine whether virtually all risks and returns in the ownership of the financial asset have been
transferred. If the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and returns related to the ownership of a financial
asset to the transferee, the Group shall derecognize the financial asset. If substantially all the risks and returns related
to the ownership of a financial asset are retained, the financial assets shall not be derecognized. If substantially all
the risks and returns related to the ownership of the financial asset are neither transferred nor retained, whether the
enterprise retains control of the asset shall be determined and accounting treatment shall be made in accordance with
the principles described in the preceding paragraphs.
     (4) Derecognition of financial liabilities

     A financial liability (or a portion thereof) is derecognized when the present obligation is discharged. If an
                                                                                                                        183
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

agreement is entered into between the Group (the borrower) and the lender to replace the original financial liability
by assuming a new financial liability, and the contractual terms of the new financial liability are materially different
from those of the original financial liability, the original financial liability is derecognized and the new financial
liability is recognized at the same time. If the Group materially modifies the contractual terms of the original
financial liability (or part thereof), it shall derecognize the original financial liability and recognize a new financial
liability in accordance with the modified terms.

     If a financial liability is derecognized in whole or in part, the difference between the book value of the
derecognized portion and the consideration paid (including non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed) is
recognized in current profits and losses.
     (5) Offsetting of financial assets and financial liabilities

     When the Group has the legal rights to offset the financial assets and financial liabilities whose amounts have
been recognized, the legal rights are currently exercisable, and the Group plans to settle with net amount or realize
the financial asset and repay the financial liability simultaneously, the financial assets and financial liabilities can
be presented in the balance sheet with the net amount after they are mutually offset. Apart from this, financial assets
and financial liabilities shall be presented separately in the balance sheet and not be offset against each other.
     (6) Methods for determining the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities

     Fair value is the price that a market participant would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction occurring on the measurement date. Regarding the financial instruments for which there is an
active market, the Group uses quoted prices in an active market to determine their fair values. A quoted price in an
active market is a price that is readily available on a regular basis from an exchange, broker, trade association,
pricing service agency, etc., and represents the price of a market transaction that actually takes place in a fair trade.
If there is no active market for the financial instrument, the Group uses valuation techniques to determine its fair
value. The valuation techniques include reference to prices used in recent market transactions by the parties who are
familiar with the situation and willing to deal, reference to the current fair value of other substantially identical
financial instruments, the discounted cash flow method, and option pricing models. In the valuation, the Group will
adopt the valuation techniques applicable in the current situation and supported by sufficiently available data and
other information, select the input values that are consistent with the characteristics of the asset or liability
considered by market participants in the transaction of the relevant asset or liability, and give priority to the relevant
observable input values when possible. The non-observable input values will be used only when the relevant
observable input values are unavailable or not practicable to obtain.
     (7) Equity instruments

     Equity instruments are contracts that demonstrate ownership of the remaining interest in the Group’s assets
after deducting all liabilities. The Group’s issuance (including refinancing), repurchase, sale or cancellation of equity
instruments is treated as changes in equity, and the transaction expenses related to equity transactions are deducted
from equity. The Group does not recognize the changes in fair value of equity instruments.

     Dividends (including “interest” on instruments classified as equity instruments) distributed during the existence
of the Group’s equity instruments are treated as profit distributions.

                                                                                                                      184
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

     (8) Impairment of financial assets

     The financial assets for which the Group needs to recognize impairment losses are financial assets at amortized
cost, debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, lease receivables, which mainly include
notes receivable, accounts receivable, receivables financing, other receivables, debt investments, other debt
investments, long-term receivables, etc. In addition, for contractual assets and certain financial guarantee contracts,
impairment provisions are made and credit impairment losses are recognized in accordance with the accounting
policies described in this section.

     ① Recognition of provision for impairment losses

     On the basis of expected credit losses, the Group makes an impairment provision and recognizes credit
impairment losses for each of the above items in accordance with its applicable expected credit losses measurement
method (general method or simplified method).

     Credit losses represent the difference between all contractual cash flows receivable under the contract and all
cash flows expected to be received by the Group, discounted at the original effective interest rate, i.e., the present
value of all cash shortfalls. Financial assets purchased or originated by the Group that are credit impaired shall be
discounted at the credit-adjusted effective interest rate of the financial assets.

     The general method of measurement of expected credit losses means that the Group assesses at each balance
sheet date whether the credit risk of financial assets (including contractual assets and other applicable items, the
same below) has increased significantly since the initial recognition. If the credit risk has increased significantly
since the initial recognition, the Group measures the loss provision at an amount equivalent to the expected credit
losses over the entire duration; If credit risk does not increase significantly since the initial recognition, the Group
measures the loss provision at an amount equivalent to expected credit losses over the next 12 months. The Group
will consider all the reasonable and evidence-based information, including forward-looking information, when
assessing expected credit losses.

     For financial instruments with low credit risk on the balance sheet date, the Group assumes that their credit risk
has not increased significantly since initial recognition, and measures the provision for losses based on expected
credit losses over the next 12 months.

     ② Criteria for determining whether credit risk has increased significantly since the initial recognition

     If the probability of default of a financial asset during the estimated duration determined on the balance sheet
date is significantly higher than the probability of default during the estimated duration determined at the time of
initial recognition, it indicates that the credit risk of the financial asset has significantly increased. Except in
exceptional circumstances, the Group uses the change in default risk occurring over the next 12 months as a
reasonable estimate of the change in default risk occurring over the duration to determine whether credit risk has
increased significantly since the initial recognition.

     ③ The portfolio-based approach to assessing expected credit risk

     The Group assesses credit risk individually for financial assets with significantly different credit risks, such as
receivables that are in dispute with other parties or involved in litigation or arbitration; or where there are clear

                                                                                                                      185
                                                                           2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

indications that the debtor is likely to be unable to meet its repayment obligations.

     Apart from financial assets that are individually assessed for credit risk, the Group classifies financial assets
into different groups based on common risk characteristics and assesses credit risk on a portfolio basis.

     ④ Accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets

     At the end of the period, the Group will calculate the estimated credit losses of various financial assets, and if
the estimated credit losses are greater than the book value of its current impairment provision, the difference is
recognized as an impairment loss; If it is less than the book value of the current impairment provision, the difference
is recognized as an impairment gain.

     ⑤ Determination of credit losses of various financial assets
     a. Notes receivable

     The Group measures the loss provision for notes receivable at the amount equivalent to expected credit losses
in the entire duration. Based on the credit risk characteristics of notes receivable, they are divided into different
portfolios:

                         Item                                             Basis for determining the portfolio

  Banker’s acceptance bill                           Banks with less credit risk in relation to acceptors

  Commercial acceptance bill                         Divided according to the acceptor’s credit risk
     b. Accounts receivable and contractual assets

     For the accounts receivable and contractual assets that do not have a significant financing component, the
Group measures the loss provision at the amount equivalent to expected credit losses in the entire duration.

     For the accounts receivable, contractual assets and lease receivables that have a significant financing
component, the Group chooses to always measure the loss provision at an amount equivalent to expected credit
losses over the duration.

     Apart from the accounts receivable for single assessment of credit risk, they are divided into different portfolios
based on their credit risk characteristics:

                  Item                                              Basis for determining the portfolio

   Related party within the consolidation This portfolio represents amounts receivable of the Company within the scope of
scope                                     consolidation.

    Account age portfolio                 The portfolio takes the age of receivables as the credit risk characteristics.
     Method for calculating aging years based on credit risk characteristics portfolio: The Group calculates the aging
years of accounts receivable based on the principle of First Occurrence, First Recovery.

     Recognition criteria for provision of bad debts of a single account receivable: The Group conducts separate
impairment tests on accounts receivable with significantly different credit risk characteristics, such as significantly
deteriorating credit status of the debtor, low possibility of future repayment, and credit impairment that has occurred.
     c. Accounts receivable financing

     Notes and accounts receivable measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are presented as

                                                                                                                           186
                                                                            2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

 accounts receivable financing if their maturities are within one year (including one year) from the initial recognition
 date. The Group measures the loss provision at the amount equivalent to expected credit losses in the entire duration.

        Apart from the accounts receivable financing for single assessment of credit risk, they are divided into different
 portfolios based on their credit risk characteristics:

                   Item                                             Basis for determining the portfolio

   Related party within the consolidation This portfolio represents amounts receivable of the Company within the scope of
scope                                     consolidation.

   Account age portfolio                   The portfolio takes the age of receivables as the credit risk characteristics.


        Method for calculating aging years based on credit risk characteristics portfolio: The Group calculates the
 aging years of accounts receivable based on the principle of First Occurrence, First Recovery.

        Recognition criteria for provision of bad debts of a single account receivable: The Group conducts separate
 impairment tests on accounts receivable with significantly different credit risk characteristics, such as significantly
 deteriorating credit status of the debtor, low possibility of future repayment, and credit impairment that has occurred.
        d. Other receivables

        Based on whether the credit risk of other receivables has increased significantly since initial recognition, the
 Group measures the loss provision at the amount equivalent to expected credit losses in the next 12 months or the
 entire duration. Apart from the other receivable for single assessment of credit risk, they are divided into different
 portfolios based on their credit risk characteristics:

                   Item                                                Basis for determining the portfolio

  Related party within the consolidation   This portfolio represents amounts receivable of the Company within the scope of
scope                                      consolidation.

 Account age portfolio                     The portfolio takes the age of receivables as the credit risk characteristics.

        Method for calculating aging years based on credit risk characteristics portfolio: The Group calculates the
 aging years of accounts receivable based on the principle of First Occurrence, First Recovery.

        Recognition criteria for provision of bad debts of a single account receivable: The Group conducts separate
 impairment tests on accounts receivable with significantly different credit risk characteristics, such as significantly
 deteriorating credit status of the debtor, low possibility of future repayment, and credit impairment that has occurred.
 12. Notes receivable

        Please refer to “11. Financial instruments.”
 13. Accounts receivable

        Please refer to “11. Financial instruments.”
 14. Accounts receivable financing

        Notes and accounts receivable at fair value through other comprehensive income are presented as accounts
 receivable financing if their maturities are within one year (including one year) from the initial recognition date.
 The Notes and accounts receivable with the maturity of more than 1 year since the initial recognition date are

                                                                                                                            187
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

presented as other debt investments. For the relevant accounting policies, please refer to “11. Financial instruments”
under this Note.
15. Other receivables

     Method of determining expected credit losses on other receivables and the accounting treatment

     For the method of determining expected credit losses on other receivables and the accounting treatment, please
refer to “11. Financial instruments.”

16. Inventories
     (1) Categories of inventories

     Inventories mainly include raw materials, packaging and low-value consumable goods, products in process,
goods in stock, consumable biological assets, development costs, development products, etc.
     (2) Pricing of inventories

     Inventories are initially measured at actual cost. The cost of inventories includes procurement cost, processing
cost and other costs. Inventories are measured by the weighted average method upon delivery.
     (3) Determination of net realizable value of inventories and method of making provision for
inventory impairment

     The net realizable value of inventories refers to the estimated selling price deducted by estimated costs until
they are made into finished goods, estimated selling expense and relevant taxes in daily activities. The determination
of the net realizable value of inventories is based on conclusive evidence obtained, taking into account the purpose
for which the inventories are held and the effect of events after the balance sheet date.

     Inventories are measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value at the balance sheet date, and provision
for their impairment shall be made when the net realizable value is below the cost of inventories. Provision for
inventory impairment is made on the basis of the difference whereby the cost of one single inventory item exceeds
its net realizable value. For inventories with large quantities and low unit prices, provision for inventory impairment
shall be made according to inventory categories. Inventories that are related to product series produced and sold in
the same region and have the same or similar end use or purpose, and are difficult to be documented separately from
other items that shall be combined for making provision for inventory impairment.

     After provision for inventory impairment is made, if the factors that once resulted in the impairment disappear,
leading to the net realizable value of inventories higher than their book value, the provision of inventory impairment
shall be reversed to the extent of provision previously made, and the reversed amount shall be recognized in current
profits and losses.
     (4) The inventory system shall be the perpetual inventory system.

     (5) Amortization of low-value consumables and packaging materials

     The low-value consumables and packaging materials are amortized using a one-off amortization method.

17. Long-term equity investments

     Long-term equity investments in this section refers to any equity investment by which the Group has control,
common control or significant influence over the investee. Long-term equity investments by which the Group does
                                                                                                                    188
                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

not have control, common control or significant influence over the investee are accounted for as financial assets at
fair value through profits or losses. If they are non-trading, the Group may elect to designate them as financial assets
at fair value through other comprehensive income at the time of initial recognition. For the accounting policies,
please refer to “11. Financial instruments” under Note IV.

     Common control is the Group’s contractually agreed sharing of control over an arrangement, and the activities
under which must be decided by unanimous agreement from parties who share the control. Significant influence is
the power of the Group to participate in the decision-making for financial and operating policies of an investee, but
not to control or common control the formulation of such policies together with other parties.
     (1) Determination of investment cost

     For long-term equity investments acquired relating to business combination under common control, the initial
investment cost is determined on the date of consolidation according to the percentage of shareholders/owners’
equity from the combined party as a part of the book value of total shareholders/owners’ equity set forth in the
consolidated financial statements of the ultimate controlling party. The difference between the said initial
investment cost and the sum of cash being paid, non-cash assets being transferred and book value of liabilities being
assumed shall be adjusted against the capital reserve; or, in case of insufficient capital reserve to cover the difference,
against the retained earnings accordingly. In case that the consideration of the business combination is satisfied by
issuing equity securities, the initial investment cost of the long-term equity investments is determined on the date
of consolidation according to the percentage of shareholders’ equity from the combined party as a part of the book
value of total shareholders’ equity set forth in the consolidated financial statements of the ultimate controlling party.
With the sum of par values of shares being issued as the share capital, the difference between the said initial
investment cost and the sum of par values of shares being issued shall be adjusted against the capital reserve; or, in
case of insufficient capital reserve to cover the difference, against the retained earnings accordingly. Where a
business combination under common control is achieved by acquiring the equity of a combined party under common
control in phases through multiple transactions, following policies shall apply depending on whether those
transactions are “a bundle of transactions”: if so, the Company shall account for all transactions together as the one
deal to obtain the control; if not, the initial investment cost of the long-term equity investments shall be determined
on the date of consolidation according to the percentage of shareholders/owners’ equity from the combined party as
a part of the book value of total shareholders’ equity set forth in the consolidated financial statements of the ultimate
controlling party, while the difference between the initial investment cost and the sum of book value of long-term
equity investments before the consolidation and that of consideration newly paid to acquire additional equities on
the date of consolidation shall be adjusted against the capital reserve, or, in case of insufficient capital reserve to
cover the difference, against retained earnings accordingly. Accounting treatment is currently not required for other
comprehensive income that has been recognized due to the adoption of equity method in accounting or the
classification as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income in respect of equity investments
held before the date of consolidation.

     For the long-term equity investments acquired relating to business combination not under common control, the
initial investment cost is the cost of combination on the date of acquisition which equals to the aggregate fair value
of assets transferred, liabilities incurred or assumed and equity securities issued by the acquirer. Where a business
                                                                                                                       189
                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

combination not under common control is achieved by acquiring the equity of a combined party under common
control in phases through multiple transactions, following policies shall apply depending on whether those
transactions are “a bundle of transactions”: if so, the Group shall account for all transactions together as the one
deal to obtain the control; if not, the initial investment cost of the long-term equity investments that is re-accounted
for using the cost method shall be the sum of book value of long-term equity investments previously held by the
acquirer in the acquiree and new investment cost. Accounting treatment is currently not required for other
comprehensive income in respect of equity investments that have been accounted for using the equity method.

     The intermediary expenses on items such as audit, legal service and valuation advisory for business
combination and other related administrative expenses incurred by the combining party or acquirer are recognized
in current profits and losses upon their occurrence.

     Long-term equity investments other than those formed by business combination is initially measured at cost
which varies depending on the different ways of acquiring the long-term equity investments and is determined by
considering the amount of actual cash paid by the Group, the fair value of the equity securities issued by the Group,
the conventional value stipulated in the investment contract or agreement, the fair value or original book value of
the assets surrendered in the non-cash and bank balance swap transaction, the fair value of the long-term equity
investments itself, and etc. The expenses, taxes and other necessary expenses directly related to the acquisition of
the long-term equity investments are also included in the investment cost. For additional long-term equity
investments that entitles the Company with significant influence or common control but not control over the investee,
its cost of investment is the sum of fair value of equity investments that have been held plus new cost of investment
pursuant to the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 22 - Recognition and Measurement of Financial
Instrument.
     (2) Subsequent measurement and recognition method of profits and losses

     A long-term equity investment with common control (excluding that constituting a joint venture) over or
significant influence on the investee is accounted for by using the equity method, and a long-term equity investment
with control over the investee is accounted for in the Company’s financial statements by using the cost method.

     ① Long-term equity investment accounted for with cost method

     When a long-term equity investment is accounted for with cost method, its price is measured at initial
investment cost, and when the long-term equity investment is added or disposed, its cost is adjusted accordingly.
The cash dividend or profit declared by the investee, except for the cash dividend or profit declared but not yet
granted that is included in the price or consideration actually paid upon the acquisition of the investment, shall be
recognized as investment income for the period.

     ② Long-term equity investment accounted for with equity method

     When a long-term equity investment is accounted for with equity method and its initial investment cost is
higher than the proportion of fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets attributable to the investor because
of the investment, its initial cost shall not be adjusted; if lower, the difference shall be recognized in the current
profits and losses, and its cost shall be adjusted accordingly.

     When a long-term equity investment is accounted for with equity method, the investment income and other
                                                                                                                     190
                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

comprehensive income arising therefrom are recognized in accordance with the proportion of net profits and losses
and other comprehensive income of the investee attributable to the investor, and the book value of long-term equity
investments is adjusted accordingly; if any profit or cash dividend is declared by the investee, the book value of
long-term equity investments shall be reduced according to the part of profit or dividends attributable to the investor;
if there is any other changes in shareholders’ equity other than net profits and losses, other comprehensive income
and profit distribution, such change shall be adjusted against the book value of long-term equity investments and
recognized in the capital reserve. The Group recognizes its share of the investee’s net profits and losses based on
fair value of the investee’s identifiable assets at the time of acquisition, after making appropriate adjustments to net
profits thereto. In case of any inconsistency between the accounting policies and accounting periods adopted by the
investee and by the Group, the financial statements of the investee shall be adjusted in accordance with the
accounting policies and accounting periods of the Group, and the gain on investment and other comprehensive
income shall be recognized accordingly. In respect of the transactions between the Group and its associates and joint
ventures in which the assets invested or disposed of are not part of the business, the share of unrealized profits and
losses arising from inter-group transactions shall be offset by the portion attributable to the Group, and the profits
and losses on investment shall be recognized accordingly. However, any unrealized loss arising from inter-group
transactions between the Group and an investee is not offset to the extent that the loss is impairment loss of the
assets transferred. Where the Group invests to its joint ventures or associates an asset forming part of a business,
giving rise to the acquisition of a long-term equity investment by the investor without obtaining control, the initial
investment cost of the additional long-term equity investments shall be recognized at fair value of the business
invested. The difference between initial investment cost and book value of the business invested will be fully
included in current profits and losses. Where the Group disposes of an asset forming part of a business to its
associates or joint ventures, the difference between the consideration received and the book value of the business
shall be fully included in current profits and losses. Where the Group acquires from its associates or joint ventures
an asset forming part of a business, the profits or losses related to the transaction shall be accounted for and
recognized in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 20 - Business Combination.

     The Group’s share of net loss of the investee shall be recognized to the extent that the book value of the long-
term equity investment and any long-term equity that substantially forms part of the investor’s net investment in the
investee are written down to zero. If the Group has to assume additional obligations to the loss of the investee, the
estimated liabilities shall be recognized for the estimated obligation assumed and charged to investment loss for the
period. Where the investee makes profits in subsequent periods, the Group shall re-recognize its share of the profits
after setting off against the share of unrecognized losses.

    ③ Acquisition of minority interests

     When preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Company adjusts the capital reserve and, if the
capital reserve is insufficient, adjusts the retained earnings based on the difference between the additional long-term
equity investments arising on acquisition of minority interests and the Company’s share in the net assets of the
subsidiary accrued from the acquisition date (or consolidation date) in proportion to the additional shareholdings.

    ④ Disposal of long-term equity investments


                                                                                                                     191
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

     In the consolidated financial statements, if the parent company disposes part of the long-term equity investment
in the subsidiary without losing its control, the difference between the disposal price and the Company’s share in
the net assets of the subsidiary attributable to the disposal of the long-term equity investment is recognized in the
shareholders’ equity; if the parent company disposes part of the long-term equity investment in the subsidiary
resulting in the loss of its control over the subsidiary, the accounting treatment shall be in accordance with the
policies as set out in Item (2) of Section 6 “Accounting treatment for business combination under common control
and not under common control” under this Note V.

     In other cases, upon the disposal of a long-term equity investment, the difference between the book value of
the investment and the price received is recognized in the current profits and losses.

     For a long-term equity investment that is accounted for using the equity method where the remaining equity
after disposal continues to be accounted for using the equity method, the portion of other comprehensive income
previously included in shareholder’s equity shall be treated in accordance with the same basis as the investee directly
disposes of relevant asset or liability on pro rata basis at the time of disposal. The owners’ equity recognized for the
change in owners’ equity of the investee other than net profits and losses, other comprehensive income and profit
distribution, shall be transferred to current profits and losses on pro rata basis.

     For a long-term equity investment accounted for using the cost method where the remaining equity after
disposal continues to be accounted for using cost method, other comprehensive income recognized using the equity
method or in accordance with the standard for recognition and measurement of financial instruments prior to the
acquisition of control over the investee shall be treated in accordance with the same basis as the investee directly
disposes of relevant asset or liability, and transferred to current profits and losses on pro rata basis. The change in
owners’ equity recognized in net assets of the investee by using the equity method other than net profits and losses,
other comprehensive income and profit distribution shall be transferred to current profits and losses on pro rata basis.

     In preparing separate financial statements, if control is lost over the investee upon partial disposal of equity
investment, the remaining equity with common control or an ability to impose a significant influence over the
investee after disposal shall be accounted for using the equity method, and shall be adjusted as if it has been
accounted for using the equity method since it was acquired. The remaining equity without common control or an
ability to impose a significant influence over the investee after disposal shall be accounted for based on the standard
for recognition and measurement of financial instruments, and the difference between its fair value and book value
on the date of loss of control shall be included in current profits and losses. In respect of other comprehensive income
recognized using the equity method or in accordance with the standard for recognition and measurement of financial
instruments prior to the acquisition of control over the investee, it shall be accounted for in accordance with the
same basis as the investee directly disposes of relevant asset or liability when the control is lost. The change in
owners’ equity recognized in net assets of the investee by using the equity method other than net profits and losses,
other comprehensive income and profit distribution shall be transferred to current profits and losses at the time when
the control over investee is lost. Where the remaining equity after disposal is accounted for using the equity method,
other comprehensive income and other owners’ equity shall be carried forward on pro rata basis. Where the
remaining equity after disposal is accounted for in accordance with the standard for recognition and measurement
of financial instruments, other comprehensive income and other owners’ equity shall be fully carried forward.
                                                                                                                      192
                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

     If the common control or significant influence of the Group over the investee is lost upon partial disposal of
equity investment, the remaining equity after disposal shall be accounted for in accordance with the standard for
recognition and measurement of financial instruments. The difference between its fair value and book value on the
date of loss of common control or significant influence shall be included in current profits and losses. For other
comprehensive income recognized previously for the equity investment using equity method, it shall be accounted
for in accordance with the same basis as the investee directly disposes of relevant asset or liability at the time when
the equity method is ceased to be used. The owners’ equity recognized arising from the change in owners’ equity of
the investee other than net profits and losses, other comprehensive income and profit distribution shall be transferred
to current profits and losses at the time when the equity method is ceased to be used.

     Where the Group disposes of its equity investment in a subsidiary in a series of transactions until the control is
lost, and such transactions form “a bundle of transactions,” each transaction shall be accounted for as a disposal of
equity investment of the subsidiary resulting in a loss of control. The difference between the consideration for each
transaction and the book value of the long-term equity investment attributable to the equity interests disposed prior
to loss of control shall be initially recognized as other comprehensive income, and upon loss of control, transferred
to current profits and losses when the loss of control takes place.

18. Investment properties
    Measurement model for investment property

    Cost model

    Depreciation or amortization method

     Investment properties are real estate held for rental income or capital appreciation, or both, including land use
rights that have been leased, land use rights that are held and intended to be transferred after appreciation, and
buildings that have been leased. In addition, vacant buildings held by the Group for operating leases are reported as
investment properties if the Board of Directors (or similar organization) makes a written resolution that they will be
used for operating leases and the intention to hold them will not change in the near future.

     Investment properties shall be initially measured at cost. The subsequent expenses related to investment
properties shall be recognized as cost of the investment properties only if it is probable that economic benefits
associated with the assets will flow to the Group and the cost of the assets can be measured reliably. Other subsequent
expenses shall be recognized in the current profits and losses when incurred.

     The Group uses the cost model for subsequent measurement of investment properties and depreciates or
amortizes them according to the policies consistent with that for buildings or land use rights.

     For the method of impairment test and provision for impairment loss of investment properties, please refer to
Section 25 “Impairment of long-term assets” under Note V.

     When the purpose of an investment property changes to self-use, from the date of the change, the investment
property shall be reclassified as a fixed asset or intangible asset. When the purpose of a self-use property changes
to earning rental income or capital appreciation, from the date of the change, the fixed asset or intangible asset shall
be reclassified as an investment property. Upon reclassification, for investment properties measured using the cost
model, the carrying value before reclassification is recognized as the carrying value after reclassification. For
                                                                                                                     193
                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

investment properties measured using the fair value model, the fair value on the date of reclassification is recognized
as the carrying value after reclassification.

     An investment property is derecognized upon disposal or when it is permanently withdrawn from use and no
future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. The net proceeds from sale, transfer, retirement or damage
of an investment property after its book value and related taxes and expenses are recognized in the current profits
and losses.

19. Fixed assets
   (1) Recognition criteria

     Fixed assets refer to the tangible assets held by the Company for producing goods, rendering services, renting
or operation and administration purposes with useful life of over one accounting year. The fixed assets are
recognized only when the economic interests related thereto are likely to flow into the Group and its cost can be
measured reliably. The fixed assets are initially measured at cost with consideration of the impact of estimated
disposal costs.
   (2) Depreciation method

                               Depreciation         Depreciation life          Rate of residual      Annual depreciation
       Category
                                 method                  (year)                   value (%)                rate (%)

Building for production    Straight-line method            39                        5                      2.44

Machine and equipment                                      10                        5                       9.5
                           Straight-line method
   for production

     Transportation                                        10                        5                       9.5
                           Straight-line method
       equipment
    Electronic device
                                                           5                         5                       19
 and management tools      Straight-line method
   Machine and
  equipment for non-       Straight-line method           10                         5                       9.5
  production purpose
   Building for non-                                      45                         5                      2.11
                          Straight-line method
  production purpose

         Others           Straight-line method             5                         5                       19

     The expected residual value refers to the anticipated condition of the fixed asset at the end of its estimated
useful life. It represents the estimated amount that the Group would receive from the disposal of the asset, net of
any expected disposal costs incurred.

     (3) Impairment test method and provision for impairment of fixed assets
     The impairment testing method and provision for impairment of fixed assets can be found in Section 25 of
Note V “Impairment of Long-term Assets.”

     (4) Other Information
     Subsequent expenditures related to fixed assets that are expected to generate economic benefits and can be
reliably measured are capitalized as part of the fixed asset’s cost, and the carrying value of the replaced portion is

                                                                                                                       194
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

derecognized. Other subsequent expenditures are recognized in the current period’s income statement upon
occurrence.

     When a fixed asset is classified as held for disposal or is expected to no longer generate economic benefits
through use or disposal, it is derecognized. Proceeds from the sale, transfer, scrapping, or destruction of fixed assets,
net of their carrying value and related taxes, are recognized in the current period’s income statement.

     The Group reviews the useful lives, estimated residual values, and depreciation methods of fixed assets at least
annually. Changes in these estimates are treated as changes in accounting estimates.
20. Construction in progress

     The cost of construction in progress is measured according to the actual expense for the construction in progress,
including all the necessary expenses incurred in the process of construction, borrowing costs to be capitalized before
the project is ready for its intended use and other related costs.

     The construction in progress is transferred to fixed assets after it is ready for its intended use.

     For the method of impairment test and provision for impairment loss of construction in progress, please refer
to Section 25 “Impairment of long-term assets” under Note V.
 21. Borrowing costs

     Borrowing costs include interest on borrowings, amortization of discounts or premiums, ancillary costs, and
exchange differences arising from foreign currency borrowings. Where the borrowing costs can be directly
attributable to the acquisition and construction or production activities of assets eligible for capitalization, it shall
be capitalized on the basis that the expense for the asset has already been incurred, the borrowing costs have been
incurred and the acquisition and construction or production activities necessary to prepare the asset for its intended
use or for sale have already commenced; after the acquired or produced asset eligible for capitalization is available
for its intended use or for sale, the capitalization shall be stopped. Other borrowing costs shall be recognized as
expenses at the time when they are incurred.

     The actual interest cost incurred in the period of specific-purpose borrowing net of any interest income from
the borrowed funds not used and deposited in bank or any investment income from the temporary investment of
those funds shall be capitalized; the amount of interest of general-purpose borrowings to be capitalized is determined
by multiplying the weighted average of the amounts of cumulative expenses on the asset over and above the amounts
of specific-purpose borrowings by the capitalization rate of the corresponding general-purpose borrowings.
Capitalization rate is calculated and determined based on the weighted average rate of general-purpose borrowings.

     During the capitalization period, exchange differences related to specific-purpose borrowings denominated in
foreign currencies are fully capitalized; exchange differences related to general-purpose borrowings denominated
in foreign currencies are recognized in the current profits and losses.

     Assets eligible for capitalization refer to the fixed assets, investment properties, inventories and other assets
that require a substantially long period of time of acquisition and construction or production activities for intended
use or for sale.

     Where the acquisition and construction or production activities of an asset eligible for capitalization is

                                                                                                                      195
                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

interrupted abnormally and the interruption period lasts for more than 3 months, the capitalization of the borrowing
costs shall be suspended until the acquisition and construction or production of the asset is resumed.
22. Biological assets
     (1) Consumptive biological assets

     Consumptive biological assets are the biological assets held for sale or harvested for agricultural products in
the future, including growing field crops, vegetables, timber stands and livestock stored for sale. Consumptive
biological assets shall be initially measured at cost. The cost of a consumptive biological asset that is cultivated,
constructed, propagated or farmed by the Company is the necessary expense incurred before the asset is
harvested/closed/sold/sold or placed in storage that is directly attributable to the asset, including borrowing costs
that are eligible for capitalization. Subsequent expenses such as management and feeding costs incurred after
harvesting/closing/storage of consumptive biological assets are included in current profits and losses.

     Consumptive biological assets are carried forward at book value using the weighted average method when
harvested or sold.

     On the balance sheet date, consumptive biological assets are measured at the lower of cost or net realizable
value, and the provision for impairment of consumptive biological assets shall be calculated and recognized based
on the methods consistent with those for the recognition of the provision for inventory impairment. Where the
impairment factors disappear, the amount written down shall be restored and reversed from the original provision
for depreciation, with the amount reversed recognized in the current profits and losses.
     (2) Productive biological assets

     Productive biological assets refer to the biological assets held for the purpose of producing agricultural products,
providing services or leasing, including economic forests, firewood forests, production animals and draft animals.
Productive biological assets shall be initially measured at cost. The cost of a self-created or propagated productive
biological asset is the necessary expense incurred before the asset achieves the intended purpose of production and
operation that can be directly attributable to the asset, including borrowing costs that meet the capitalization
conditions.

     The Group reviews the useful life and estimated net residual value of a productive biological asset and the
depreciation method applied at least at each year-end. Any change shall be accounted for as a change in accounting
estimate.

     The difference between the disposal proceeds from the sale, liquidation, death or destruction of productive
biological assets less their book value and related taxes and charges is included in the current profits and losses.

     The Group determines whether a productive biological asset has any signs of impairment on each balance sheet
date. If the asset shows signs of impairment, the recoverable amount is estimated. The recoverable amount is
estimated on a single asset basis. If it is difficult to estimate the recoverable amount of a single asset, the recoverable
amount of the asset group to which the asset belongs shall be determined. If the recoverable amount of an asset is
lower than its book value, the provision for asset impairment shall be made according to the difference and recorded
in the current profits and losses.

     Once the above asset impairment loss is recognized, it shall not be reversed in subsequent accounting periods.
                                                                                                                       196
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

     If a productive biological asset changes its use and becomes a consumptive biological asset, the cost of the
change of use is determined at the book value at the time of the change of use. If the productive biological asset
changes its use and becomes a public welfare biological asset, whether there is any impairment is determined in
accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standard for Business Enterprises No. 8 - Asset Impairment. When
an impairment occurs, an impairment provision shall be first made and then determined on the basis of the book
value after such provision is made.
23. Intangible assets
(1) Useful life and its basis for determination, estimate, amortization method or review procedure

     An intangible asset is an identifiable non-monetary asset without physical substance owned or controlled by
the Group.

     An intangible asset shall be initially measured at cost. The expenses incurred on an intangible asset shall be
recognized as cost of the intangible asset only if it is probable that economic benefits associated with the asset will
flow to the Group and the cost of the asset can be measured reliably. Other expenses shall be recognized in the
current profits and losses when incurred.

     Land use right acquired shall normally be recognized as an intangible asset. For self-constructed buildings (e.g.
plants), the expenses on the land use right and cost of the buildings shall be separately accounted for as an intangible
asset and fixed asset. For buildings and structures purchased, the purchase consideration shall be allocated among
the land use right and the buildings on a reasonable basis. In case there is difficulty in making a reasonable allocation,
the consideration shall be recognized in full as a fixed asset.

     An intangible asset with a definite useful life is amortized on average and by stages using the straight line
method by deducting the estimated net residual value and accrued provision for impairment loss from the original
value over the estimated useful life from the time when it is available for use. An intangible asset with an indefinite
useful life is not amortized.

     During the end of the period, the Company shall check the useful life and the amortization method of intangible
assets with limited useful life and carry out accounting estimate change in case that a change happens. In addition,
the Company shall check the useful life of intangible assets with indefinite useful life. If there are evidences showing
that the intangible assets can bring economic benefit for the Company within the foreseeable period, the Company
shall estimate the useful life and carry out amortization according to the amortization policy for intangible assets
with finite useful life.

     The Group’s intangible assets include land use rights, software, franchise rights, patent technology, non-patent
technology, and trademarks. The amortization periods and conditions for the main intangible assets are as follows:

     ① Land use rights are amortized over the remaining useful life specified in the land use right certificate, with
an average annual amortization period of 30-50 years. When the purchase price of land and buildings cannot be
reasonably allocated between land use rights and buildings, the entire amount is treated as fixed assets.

     ② Software, patent technology, and non-patent technology are amortized over the estimated useful life of 10
years, with an average annual amortization period.


                                                                                                                      197
                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

     ③ Franchise rights are amortized over the estimated useful life of 30 years, with an average annual
amortization period.
(2) Scope of R&D expenses and related accounting treatment
     The scope of our Company’s R&D expenses is primarily determined based on the Company’s R&D projects.
It includes R&D personnel salaries, direct input costs, depreciation and amortization expenses, design and testing
expenses, outsourced R&D expenses, and other expenses.

     The Group classifies the expense on an internal R&D project into expense at the research phase and expense
at the development phase.
     Research refers to the original and planned investigation undertaken to acquire and understand new scientific
or technical knowledge. Expenditures incurred during the research phase are recognized in profit or loss when
incurred.

     Development refers to the application of research findings or other knowledge to a plan or design for the production
of new or substantially improved materials, devices, products, etc., prior to the commencement of commercial production
or use. Expenditures incurred during the development phase are capitalized if all of the following conditions are satisfied
simultaneously; development expenditures that do not meet these conditions are recognized in profit or loss:

     ① It is technically feasible to complete the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

     ② It is intended to complete and to use or sell the intangible asset;

     ③ It can be demonstrated how the intangible asset will generate economic benefits, including demonstrating
that there is an existing market for products produced by the intangible asset or for the intangible asset itself, and
that it can be proven to be useful if the intangible asset is to be used internally;

     ④ There are adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and the ability to
use or sell the intangible assets;

     ⑤ The expense attributable to the intangible asset at its development phase can be reliably measured.

     All the expenses on R&D which cannot be distinguished between the research phase and development phase
are recognized in the profits and losses when incurred.

(3) The impairment testing method and provision for impairment of intangible assets

     For the impairment testing method and provision for impairment of intangible assets, please refer to Section
24 of “Impairment of long-term assets” under Note V.
24. Impairment of long-term assets

     For non-current non-financial assets such as fixed assets, construction in progress, right of use assets, intangible
assets with limited useful life, investment real estate measured at cost and long-term equity investments in
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, the Group determines whether there are signs of impairment on the
balance sheet date. If the asset shows signs of impairment, the recoverable amount is estimated, and impairment test
is conducted. Goodwill, intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets that have not yet ready
for use are tested annually for impairment regardless of whether there is an indication of impairment.

     If the impairment test results show that the recoverable amount of an asset is lower than its carrying value, the
                                                                                                                       198
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

impairment provision shall be made and the impairment loss shall be recorded according to the difference. The
recoverable amount is the higher between the net value of the fair value of the asset less the disposal expense and
the present value of the estimated future cash flow of the asset. The fair value of the asset is determined based on
the sales agreement price in fair transactions. Where there is no sales agreement but there is an active market for the
asset, the fair value shall be determined according to the buyer’s bid for the asset. Where there is neither sales
agreement nor active market for the asset, the fair value of the asset is estimated based on the best information
available. Disposal costs include legal costs associated with the disposal of the asset, related taxes, removal costs
and direct costs incurred to bring the asset to marketable status. The present value of the expected future cash flow
of the asset shall be determined according to the discounted amount of the expected future cash flow generated by
the asset in the process of continuous use and final disposal, which is converted according to the appropriate discount
rate. The asset impairment provision is calculated and recognized on a single asset basis. If it is difficult to estimate
the recoverable amount of a single asset, the recoverable amount of the asset group to which the asset belongs shall
be determined. An asset group is the smallest portfolio of assets that can independently generate cash inflows.

     For the goodwill presented separately in the financial statements, when tested for impairment, the book value
of goodwill will be apportioned to the asset group or combination of asset groups expected to benefit from the
synergies of the business combination. Where the test results indicate that the recoverable amount of an asset group
or combination of asset groups containing the apportioned goodwill is less than its book value, the corresponding
impairment loss is recognized. The impairment loss amount is first set off against the book value of the goodwill
apportioned to the asset group or combination of asset groups and then set off against the book value of other assets
based on the proportion of the book value of each asset other than goodwill in the asset group or combination of
asset groups.

     Once the above asset impairment loss is recognized, it shall not be reversed in subsequent accounting periods
for the part whose value is restored.
25. Long-term deferred expenses

     Long-term unamortized expenses are the expenses that have been incurred but shall be borne in the reporting
period and subsequent periods for a period of assessment of more than one year. The Group’s long-term deferred
expenses mainly consist of building renovations and project improvements. These long-term deferred expenses are
amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated period of benefit.
26. Contractual liabilities

     The contractual liabilities refer to the obligation of the Group to transfer goods to customers for consideration
received or receivable. If the customer has paid the contractual consideration or the Group has obtained an
unconditional right of collection prior to the transfer of goods by the Group to the customer, the Group presents the
amount received or receivable as a contractual liability on the date when the actual payment is made by the customer
or the payment due date, whichever is earlier. Contractual assets and contractual liabilities under the same contract
are presented on a net basis, and contractual assets and contractual liabilities under different contracts are not offset.
27. Employee compensation
(1) Accounting treatment for short-term employee compensation


                                                                                                                      199
                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

     The employee compensation of the Group includes short-term compensation, post-employment benefits,
termination benefits and other long-term employee benefits. Where:

     Short-term compensation mainly includes wages, bonuses, allowances and subsidies, employee welfare
expenses, medical insurance premiums, maternity insurance premiums, work-related injury insurance premiums,
housing provident funds, union funds and employee education funds, non-monetary benefits, etc. The Group
recognizes short-term employee compensation actually incurred during the accounting period in which employees
provide services to the Group as a liability and includes it in current profits and losses or related asset cost. Non-
monetary benefits are measured at fair value.
(2) Accounting treatment for post-employment benefits

     Post-employment benefits mainly include basic pension insurance, unemployment insurance and annuity. The
post-employment benefits plan includes the establishment of a defined contribution plan and the establishment of a
defined benefit plan. If a defined contribution plan is adopted, the corresponding amount due is included in the
relevant asset cost or current profits and losses at the time of occurrence.

     If the employment relationship with the employee is terminated before the expiration of the employee’s
employment contract, or a compensation proposal is made to encourage the employee to voluntarily accept the
reduction, the employee compensation liabilities arising from termination benefits shall be recognized and included
in current profits and losses when the Group cannot unilaterally withdraw the termination benefits provided as a
result of the termination plan or the reduction proposal, or the Group recognizes the costs associated with the
reorganization involving the payment of termination benefits, whichever is earlier. However, if the termination
benefits cannot be fully paid within 12 months after the end of the annual reporting period, they shall be treated as
other long-term employee compensations.
(3) Accounting treatment for termination benefits

     Internal employee retirement plans are treated in the same way as the termination benefits mentioned above.
The Group will recognize the salary of internal retirees and social insurance premiums to be paid during the period
from the date the employee ceases to provide service to the normal retirement date in the current profits and losses
(termination benefits) when the conditions for recognition of the estimated liabilities are met.
(4) Accounting treatment for other long-term employee benefits

     Other long-term employee benefits provided by the Group to employees that meet the defined contribution plan
are accounted for in accordance with the defined contribution plan. Other benefits shall be accounted for in
accordance with the defined benefit plan.
28. Estimated liabilities

     An obligation relating to a contingency is recognized as an estimated liability when the following conditions
are met: (1) The obligation is a current obligation undertaken by the Group; (2) The performance of the obligation
is likely to result in the outflow of economic benefits; (3) The amount of the obligation can be measured reliably.

     On the balance sheet date, estimated liabilities are measured according to the best estimate of expenses required
to meet the relevant current obligations, taking into account factors such as risks, uncertainties and the time value
of money associated with contingencies.
                                                                                                                     200
                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

      If all or part of the expenses required to pay off the estimated liabilities are expected to be compensated by a
third party, the compensation amount shall be recognized separately as an asset when it is basically determined that
it can be received, and the recognized compensation amount shall not exceed the book value of the estimated
liabilities.
      (1) Loss-making contract

      A loss-making contract is a contract in which the cost of fulfilling the contractual obligation inevitably exceeds
the expected economic benefit. If the contract to be executed becomes a loss-making contract and the obligations
arising from the loss-making contract meet the conditions for recognition of the above-mentioned estimated
liabilities, the portion of the estimated loss of the contract exceeding the recognized impairment loss (if any) of the
underlying asset of the contract is recognized as an estimated liability.
      (2) Reorganization obligation

      For a detailed, formal reorganization plan that has been announced to the public, the estimated liability amount
is determined on the basis of direct expenses related to the reorganization, subject to meeting the conditions for
recognition of the estimated liabilities described above.
29. Share-based payments
      (1) Accounting treatment for share-based payment

      Share-based payments are transactions in which equity instruments are granted or liabilities are assumed on the
basis of equity instruments in exchange for services rendered by employees or other parties. The share-based
payments are divided into equity-settled share-based payment and cash-settled share-based payment.

     ① Equity-settled share-based payments

      Equity-settled share-based payments in exchange for services rendered by employees shall be measured at days
the fair value of the equity instruments granted to employees. For the equity-settled share-based payment that can
only be vested after services during a waiting period are provided, or required performance conditions are met, the
amount of such fair value is calculated on a straight-line basis, based on the best estimate of the number of equity
instruments that can be vested during the waiting period, and is included in the relevant costs or expenses, or if
available immediately after grant, included in the relevant costs or expenses on the grant date, increasing capital
reserves accordingly.

      On each balance sheet date during the waiting period, the Group makes the best estimate based on the latest
follow-up information such as changes in the number of employees that satisfy vesting conditions, and revises the
number of equity instruments expected to be vested. The impact of the above estimates is included in the relevant
costs or expenses for the period, and capital reserves are adjusted accordingly.

      The equity-settled share-based payments in exchange for services rendered by other parties shall be measured
at the fair value of the services on the acquisition date if the fair value of services rendered by other parties can be
reliably measured. However, if the fair value of services rendered by other parties cannot be reliably measured, but
the fair value of the equity instruments can be reliably measured, the equity-settled share-based payments shall be
measured at the fair value of the equity instruments on the acquisition date of the services, and included in the
relevant costs or expenses, increasing shareholders’ equity correspondingly.
                                                                                                                     201
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

     When the fair value of equity instruments granted cannot be reliably measured, the intrinsic value of the equity
instruments is used to measure their value on the grant date, subsequent balance sheet dates, and settlement dates.
Changes in the intrinsic value are recognized in the current period’s income statement.

    ② Cash-settled share-based payments

     A cash-settled share-based payment shall be measured in accordance with the fair value of liability determined
based on the shares or other equity instruments undertaken by the Group. If the cash-settled share-based payment
can be vested immediately after granting, it shall be included in the relevant costs or expenses on the grant date,
increasing the liabilities correspondingly. For the cash-settled share-based payment that can only be vested after
services during a waiting period are provided or required performance conditions are met, on each balance sheet
date during the waiting period, the services obtained during the current period are included in the cost or expense
at the fair value of the liabilities assumed by the Group based on the best estimate of the situation of vesting,
increasing the corresponding liabilities correspondingly.

     The Group shall, on each balance sheet date and each account date prior to the settlement of the relevant
liabilities, re-measure the fair values of the liabilities and include the changes in the current profits and losses.
     (2) Accounting treatment for modification and termination of share-based payment plan

     When the Group makes a modification to the share-based payment plan, if the modification increases the fair
value of the equity instrument granted, the increase in services obtained is recognized in accordance with the increase
in the fair value of the equity instrument. The increase in the fair value of equity instruments refers to the difference
between fair values of the equity instruments before and after the modification on the date of modification. If a
modification reduces the total fair value of share-based payments or is otherwise unfavorable to the employees, the
acquired services continue to be accounted for as if the change never occurs, unless the Group cancels some or all
of the equity instruments granted.

     If a grant of equity instruments is canceled during the waiting period, the Group treats the cancellation of the
granted equity instruments as accelerated exercise of right and includes the amount to be recognized over the
remaining waiting period in the current profits and losses immediately, and recognizes the capital reserve at the
same time. If employees or other parties can choose to meet the non-vesting conditions but have not met the
conditions within the waiting period, the Group treats it as cancellation of equity instruments granted.
     (3) Accounting treatment for share-based payment transactions involving the shareholders or de facto
controllers of the Group and Company

     Transactions involving share payments between the shareholders or de facto controllers of the Group and
Company are accounted for in the Group’s consolidated financial statements in accordance with the following
provisions if either one of the settlement enterprises and receiving enterprises is within the Group, while the other
one is outside the Group:

     ① If the settlement enterprise settles by its own equity instruments, the share-based payment transaction shall
be treated as the equity-settled share-based payment; otherwise, they shall be treated as the cash-settled share-based
payment.

     If the settlement enterprise is an investor of the enterprise receiving the services, it shall be recognized as a
                                                                                                                        202
                                                                            2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

long-term equity investment in the enterprise receiving the services according to the fair value of the equity
instrument on the grant date or the fair value of the liability assumed, and the capital reserve (other capital reserve)
or liability shall be recognized at the same time.

     ② If the enterprise receiving the services has no settlement obligation or the equity instrument granted to its
employees is its own equity instrument, the share-based payment transaction shall be treated as the equity-settled
share-based payment. If the enterprise receiving the services has settlement obligation and the equity instrument
granted to its employees is not its own equity instrument, the share-based payment transaction shall be treated as
the cash-settled share-based payment.

     For the share-based payment transaction occurring among the enterprises within the Group, where the
enterprise receiving the services and the settlement enterprise are not the same enterprise, the recognition and
measurement of the share-based payment transaction in the individual financial statements of the enterprise
receiving the services and the settlement enterprise shall be processed in accordance with the above principles.
30. Revenue
Disclose the accounting policies for revenue recognition and measurement by business type

     Revenue is the total inflow of economic benefits arising from the Group’s ordinary activities that would result
in an increase in shareholders’ equity and are unrelated to capital contributions by shareholders. When the contract
between the Group and the customer meets the following conditions, revenue is recognized when the customer
obtains control of the relevant goods (including services, the same below) : The parties to the contract have approved
the contract and undertake to perform their obligations; The contract specifies the rights and obligations of the parties
to the contract in relation to the goods transferred or the provision of services; The contract has clear payment terms
related to the transferred goods; The contract is commercial in nature, i.e. the performance of the contract will change
the risk, timing or amount of the Group’s future cash flows; The consideration to which the Group is entitled as a
result of the transfer of goods to customers is likely to be recovered. Gaining control of the relevant goods means
being able to dominate the use of that goods and derive almost all of the economic benefits from it.

     On the commencement date of the contract, the Group identifies the individual performance obligation existing
in the contract and allocates the transaction price to each individual performance obligation in proportion to the
individual selling price of the goods promised by each individual performance obligation. Factors such as variable
consideration, significant financing elements in the contract, non-cash consideration, and consideration payable to
customers are considered in determining the transaction price.

     For each individual performance obligation in the contract, the Group will recognize the transaction price
allocated to the individual performance obligation in accordance with the performance progress during the relevant
performance period as revenue if one of the following conditions is met: The customer acquires and consumes the
economic benefits arising from the Group’s performance at the same time as the Group fulfills its obligations; The
customer can control the goods under construction in the course of the Group’s performance; The goods produced
in the course of the Group’s performance have irreplaceable uses and the Group is entitled to receive payment
throughout the contract period for the cumulative part of the performance completed to date. The performance
progress is determined by the input or output method, depending on the nature of the goods transferred. When the

                                                                                                                           203
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

performance progress cannot be reasonably determined, and the costs incurred by the Group are expected to be
compensated, revenue is recognized at the amount of the costs incurred until the progress of performance can be
reasonably determined.

     If one of the above conditions is not met, the Group recognizes revenue at the point at which the customer
obtains control of the relevant goods at the transaction price apportioned to the individual performance obligation.
In determining whether a customer has acquired control of the goods, the Group considers the following indications:
The enterprise has the current right of collection in respect of the goods, that is, the customer has the current payment
obligation in respect of the goods; The enterprise has transferred the legal ownership of the goods to the customer,
that is, the customer has the legal ownership of the goods; The enterprise has physically transferred the goods to the
customer, that is, the customer has physically possessed the goods; The enterprise has transferred the main risks and
returns in the ownership of the goods to the customer, that is, the customer has obtained the main risks and returns
in the ownership of the goods; The customer has accepted the goods; Other indications that the customer has taken
control of the goods.

     Revenue recognition principles for specific scenarios are as follows:

     (1) Domestic sales:

     Revenue is recognized when control is transferred to the customer upon delivering the products to the
customer’s specified location and obtaining customer acknowledgement through a signed confirmation, as stipulated
in the sales contract or order.

     Revenue is recognized when control is transferred to the customer upon delivering the products to the
customer’s specified location and completing the customer’s inspection based on relevant standards, as stipulated
in the sales contract or order.

     Revenue is recognized when the services have been provided, and the right to collect service fees is obtained.

     (2) International sales:

     Revenue is recognized when control is transferred to the customer upon the products being dispatched and
customs clearance procedures being completed, as stipulated in the sales contract or order.

     Situations where similar businesses adopt different operation models involving different revenue recognition
methods and measurement methods: Not applicable.
31. Contract cost

     Incremental cost incurred by the Group to acquire contract that is expected to be recovered is taken as the
contract acquisition cost and recognized as an asset. However, if the amortization period of the asset does not exceed
one year, it is included in the current profits and losses when it occurs.
     The cost incurred for the performance of the contract is recognized as an asset if it does not fall within the
scope of Accounting Standard for Business Enterprises No. 14 - Revenue (Revised in 2017) and meets the following
conditions: ① The cost is directly related to a current or anticipated contract, including direct labor, direct materials,
manufacturing expenses (or similar expenses), cost expressly borne by the customer, and other costs incurred solely
as a result of the contract; ② This cost increases the Group’s future resources to meet its performance obligations;

                                                                                                                      204
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

③ This cost is expected to be recovered.

     Assets related to contract costs are amortized on the same basis as for the recognition of the commodity revenue
associated with the assets and are recognized in current profits and losses.

     When the carrying amount of an asset related to contract costs exceeds the difference between the following
two amounts, an impairment provision is recognized for the excess amount, and an asset impairment loss is
recognized: (1) The expected remaining consideration to be obtained from transferring the goods related to that asset.
(2) The estimated costs necessary to complete the transfer of the related goods. If there is a change in the factors
that led to impairment in previous periods, resulting in the difference between (1) minus (2) exceeding the carrying
amount of the asset, the previously recognized impairment provision is reversed and recognized in the current
period’s income statement. However, the carrying amount of the asset after the reversal should not exceed the
carrying amount of the asset on the date of the reversal, assuming no impairment provision had been recognized.
32. Government subsidy

     Government subsidy refers to the cash and bank balance and non-cash and bank balance that the Group obtains
from the government free of charge, excluding the capital invested by the government as an investor with the
corresponding owners’ equity. Government subsidies are divided into asset-related government subsidies and
income-related government subsidies. The Group defines government subsidies obtained for the acquisition or
otherwise formation of long-term assets as asset-related government subsidies. Other government subsidies are
defined as income-related government subsidies. If the government document does not specify the recipients of the
subsidies, the subsidies divided into asset-related government subsidies and income-related government subsidies
in the following way: (1) If the government documents specify the specific project for which the subsidy is targeted,
the division shall be made according to the relative proportion of the disbursement amount forming assets and the
disbursement amount included in the expenses in the budget of the specific project, and the division proportion shall
be reviewed on each balance sheet date and changed if necessary; (2) Where the government document only has a
general description of the purpose and no specific project is specified, it shall be regarded as an income-related
government subsidy. For a government subsidy in the form of transfer of cash and bank balance, the subsidy is
measured at the amount received or receivable. For a government subsidy in the form of transfer of non-cash and
bank balance, it is measured at fair value; if the fair value cannot be reliably determinable, the subsidy is measured
at nominal amount. Government subsidies measured at nominal amounts are directly included in current profits and
losses.

     The Group usually recognizes and measures government subsidies in accordance with the amount actually
received when they are actually received. However, government subsidies are recognized at the amount receivable
if there is evidence that the Group can meet the relevant conditions specified in the financial support policy at the
end of the period and the Group is expected to receive the financial support funds. Government subsidies measured
at the amounts receivable shall also meet the following conditions: (1) The amount of the receivable subsidies has
been confirmed by the competent government department in writing, or can be reasonably calculated according to
the relevant provisions of the officially issued measures for the management of financial funds, and there is no
significant uncertainty in the estimated amount; (2) It is based on the financial support projects and financial fund
management measures officially issued by the local financial department and actively disclosed in accordance with
                                                                                                                    205
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

the provisions of the Regulations on the Disclosure of Government Information, and the management measures
should be inclusive (that is, any enterprise that meets the prescribed conditions can apply), rather than specifically
formulated for specific enterprises; (3) The relevant grant approval has clearly promised the disbursement period,
and the disbursement of the amount is guaranteed by the corresponding financial budget, so it can be reasonably
guaranteed that it can be received within the specified period; (4) Other relevant conditions that should be met based
on the specific circumstances of the Group and the grant in question (if any).

     Asset-related government subsidies are recognized as deferred income and included in the current profits and
losses over the useful life of the related assets in accordance with a reasonable and systematic method. Income-
related government subsidies that compensate the future costs, expenses or losses are recorded as deferred income
and recognized in current profits and losses in the period in which the related costs, expenses or losses are recognized;
Income-related government subsidies that compensate the incurred expenses or losses are included directly in the
current profits and losses.

     For government subsidies that contain both parts related to assets and parts related to income, accounting
treatments shall be made separately for different parts. If it is difficult to distinguish, it shall be classified as the
income-related government subsidy.

     Government subsidies related to ordinary activities are recorded in other income in accordance the substance
of economic operations. Government subsidies unrelated to daily activities are included in non-operating revenue
and expense.

     When confirmed government subsidies need to be returned and there is a related balance of deferred income,
the related deferred income balance is offset. Any excess amount is recognized in the current period’s income
statement or adjusted against the carrying value of the asset (for government subsidies that were initially offset
against the carrying value of the asset); in other cases, it is recognized directly in the current profits and losses.
33. Deferred income tax assets/deferred income tax liabilities
     (1) Current income tax

     The current income tax liabilities (or assets) generated in the current period and previous periods are measured
on the balance sheet date in accordance with the expected payable (or refunded) income tax amount calculated
according to the tax law. The taxable income amount on which the current income tax expense is calculated is based
on the corresponding adjustment of the pre-tax accounting profit of the reporting period in accordance with the
relevant provisions of the tax law.
     (2) Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities

     The deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities can be determined with the balance sheet
liability method, based on the difference between the book value of certain assets and liabilities and the tax basis,
as well as the temporary difference between the tax basis and the book value of the items not recognized as assets
and liabilities but whose tax basis can be determined according to the tax law.

     For taxable temporary differences relating to the initial recognition of goodwill and the initial recognition of
assets or liabilities arising from transactions that are neither a business combination nor affect accounting profit and
taxable income (or deductible losses) at the time of occurrence, the relevant deferred tax liabilities are not recognized
                                                                                                                         206
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

(except for individual transactions in which the initial recognition of assets and liabilities results in equal amounts
of taxable temporary differences and deductible temporary differences). In addition, for taxable temporary
differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, deferred tax liabilities are not
recognized if the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is likely that
the temporary difference will not be reversed in the foreseeable future. Subject to the above exceptions, the Group
recognizes all other deferred tax liabilities arising from taxable temporary differences.

     For deductible temporary differences relating to the initial recognition of assets or liabilities arising from
transactions that are neither a business combination nor affect accounting profit and taxable income (or deductible
losses) at the time of occurrence, the relevant deferred tax assets are not recognized (except for individual
transactions in which the initial recognition of assets and liabilities results in equal amounts of taxable temporary
differences and deductible temporary differences). For deductible temporary differences associated with
investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, the relevant deferred tax asset is not recognized if it is not
likely that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and it is not likely that taxable income
will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilized in the future. Subject to the
above exceptions, the Group recognizes other deferred income tax assets arising from deductible temporary
differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable income will be available against which deductible temporary
differences can be utilized.

     For the deductible losses and tax credits that can be carried forward to future years, the Group recognizes the
corresponding deferred tax assets to the extent that it is probable that future taxable income will be available against
which the deductible losses and tax credits can be utilized.

     On the balance sheet date, deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are measured at the
tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the asset is recovered or the liability is settled according
to the tax law.

     On the balance sheet date, the Group reviews the book value of deferred income tax assets. If no sufficient
taxable income is probably obtained in the future to offset the benefits of deferred income tax assets, the book value
of the deferred income tax assets shall be written down. When it is probable to obtain sufficient taxable income
taxes, such write-off amount shall be reversed.
     (3) Income tax expense

     Income tax expenses include current income tax expenses and deferred income tax expenses.

     Except for current income tax and deferred income tax related to transactions and events recognized as other
comprehensive income or directly included in shareholders’ equity, and the book value of deferred income tax
adjusted goodwill resulting from business combination, the remaining current income tax and deferred income tax
expenses or gains are included in current profits and losses.
     (4) Offsetting of income tax

     If the Group has the legal right to settle on a net basis, and intends to settle on a net basis or acquire assets and
settle liabilities simultaneously, the current income tax assets and current income tax liabilities are presented on a
net basis after offsetting.
                                                                                                                      207
                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

     If the Group has a legally enforceable right to settle current income tax assets and liabilities on a net basis，
and the deferred income tax assets and liabilities are related to the income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities, which intend either to settle current income tax assets
and liabilities on a net basis or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in
which significant amounts of deferred income tax assets and liabilities are expected to be reversed, the deferred
income tax assets and liabilities can be offset and presented on a net basis.
34. Leases
(1) Accounting treatment as the lessee

     Leasing refers to contracts in which the Group conveys or acquires the right to control the use of one or more
identified assets for a specified period in exchange for consideration. At the commencement date of a contract, the
Group assesses whether the contract is a lease or contains a lease component.

     The Group’s lease assets are mainly housing and buildings.

    ① Initial measurement

     On the date of commencement of the lease term, the Group recognizes the right to use the lease asset during
the lease term as a right of use asset and recognizes the present value of the outstanding lease payments as a lease
liability, except for short-term leases and low value asset leases. When calculating the present value of lease
payments, the interest rate implicit in the lease is used as the discount rate. If the interest rate implicit in the lease
cannot be determined, the lessor’s incremental borrowing rate is used as the discount rate.

      ② Subsequent measurement

     The Group shall depreciate the right of use assets in accordance with the relevant depreciation provisions of
Accounting Standard for Business Enterprises No. 4 - Fixed Assets (see Section 19 “Fixed assets” under Note
V for details). If the ownership of the leased asset can be reasonably determined at the end of the lease term, the
Group shall depreciate the leased asset during the remaining useful life. Where it is unable to reasonably determine
the ownership of the leased asset at the end of the lease term, the Group shall make depreciation provision over the
lease term or the remaining useful life of the leased asset, whichever is shorter.

     The Group calculates the interest expense on lease liabilities for each period of the lease term at a fixed periodic
rate, which is included in the current profits and losses, or the relevant asset costs. Variable lease payments that are
not included in the measurement of the lease liability are recognized in current profits and losses, or the relevant
asset costs when they are actually incurred.

     After the commencement date of the lease term, when there is a change in the substantive fixed payment amount,
a change in the amount expected to be payable for the guaranteed residual value, a change in the index or rate used
to determine the lease payment amount, or a change in the evaluation result or actual exercise of the purchase option,
renewal option or termination option, the Group remeasures the lease liability at the present value of the changed
lease payment amount and adjusts the carrying value of the right-of-use asset accordingly. If the book value of the
right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero but the lease liability is subject to further reduction, the Group recognizes
the remaining amount in current profits and losses.


                                                                                                                       208
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

    ③ Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

     For short-term leases (leases with a lease term of not more than 12 months since the commencement date of
the lease) and low-value asset leases (the value of a single lease asset, which is a brand-new asset, is lower than
either RMB 40,000 or USD 5,000), the Group adopts a simplified approach whereby the right of use assets and lease
liabilities are not recognized and the lease payments are recognized in the relevant asset cost or current profits and
losses in accordance with the straight-line method or other systematic and reasonable methods during the various
periods of the lease term.
(2) Accounting treatment as the lessor

     On the inception date of the lease, the Group classifies the lease as a finance lease and an operating lease based
on the substance of transaction. A finance lease is a lease that transfers substantially all the risks and returns
associated with ownership of the leased asset. An operating lease is a lease other than a finance lease.

    ① Operating lease

     Lease receipts under operating leases are recognized as rental income on a straight-line basis over the respective
periods of the lease term. Variable lease payments acquired in connection with operating leases that are not included
in the lease receipts are recognized in current profits and losses when they are actually incurred.

    ② Finance lease

     The Group recognizes finance lease receivables and derecognizes finance lease assets on the commencement
date of the lease term. Finance lease receivables are initially measured at the net lease investment (the sum of the
unsecured balance and the unreceived lease proceeds on the commencement date of the lease term at the present
value discounted with the intrinsic interest rate of the lease), and interest income is recognized during the lease term
at a fixed periodic interest rate. Variable lease payments obtained by the Group which are not included in the net
lease investment measurement are recognized in current profits and losses when they are actually incurred.
35. Other significant accounting policies and accounting estimates

     Share repurchase

     Consideration and transaction costs paid in share repurchases reduce shareholders’ equity and no profits or
losses is recognized when shares of the Company are repurchased, transferred or cancelled.

     For the transfer of treasury shares, the difference between the amount actually received and the book value of
treasury shares shall be included in the capital reserve. If the capital reserve is insufficient for deduction, the surplus
reserve and undistributed profits shall be deducted. For the cancellation of treasury shares, the share capital shall be
reduced according to the par value of the shares and the number of shares cancelled, and the difference between the
book balance and the par value of treasury shares shall be charged to the capital reserve. If the capital reserve is
insufficient for deduction, the surplus reserve and undistributed profits shall be deducted.
36. Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates
(1) Changes in significant accounting policies

     □ Applicable ☑ Not applicable
(2) Changes in significant accounting estimates

                                                                                                                       209
                                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

    □ Applicable ☑ Not applicable
(3) First-time implementation of the new accounting standard in 2025 to adjust relevant items in the
financial statements at the beginning of the year of first-time implementation

    □ Applicable ☑ Not applicable


37. Others: None.
VI. Taxation
1. Main tax types and tax rates
              Tax type                             Taxation basis                                    Tax rate
                                      General Taxation Method: the
                                      balance of output VAT for the current
                                      period after deducting input VAT for
   Value-added tax                    the current period. Simplified              13%, 9%, 6%, 5%, 3%, 0%
                                      Taxation Method: sales amount for
                                      the current period multiplied by the
                                      levy rate.
                                      Price-based collection and compound         Price-based collection: 15%, 10%. Compound
   Consumption tax
                                      levy                                        levy: 20% plus RMB 0.5 per 500g (or 500ml)
   Urban maintenance and
                                      Amount of turnover tax payables             7%, 5%, 1%
   construction tax
   Enterprise income tax              Taxable income                              25%, 20%, 16.5%, 15%, 8.25%
   Education surcharge                Amount of turnover tax payables             3%
   Local education surcharge          Amount of turnover tax payables             2%
  If there are taxable entities with different corporate income tax rates, disclose the description of the situation

                                      Taxpayer                                                       Income tax rate

 Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.                                                                           15.00%

 Yunnan Digital Intelligence TCM Development Co., Ltd.                                                   15.00%

 Yunnan Baiyao Group Health Products Co., Ltd.                                                           15.00%

 Yunnan Baiyao Group Lijiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                    15.00%

 Yunnan Baiyao Group Wenshan Qihua Co., Ltd.                                                             15.00%

 Yunnan Baiyao Pharmacy Co., Ltd.                                                                        15.00%

 Yunnan Baiyao Teayield Co., Ltd.                                                                        15.00%

 Yunnan Baiyao Group Dali Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                       15.00%

 Yunnan Tianzheng Testing Co., Ltd.                                                                      15.00%

 Yunnan Institute of Materia Medica                                                                      15.00%

 Yunbaiyao Zhengwu Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                                       20.00%

 Yunnan Pharmaceutical Xihui Co., Ltd.                                                                   20.00%

 Beijing Rui’er Testing Technology Co., Ltd.                                                             20.00%

 Yunnan Pharmaceutical Jiayuan Co., Ltd.                                                                 20.00%

 Yunnan Pharmaceutical Tianfu Dahua Co., Ltd.                                                            20.00%

 Yunnan Pharmaceutical Diqing Development Co., Ltd.                                                      20.00%

 Yunnan Pharmaceutical Pu’er Co., Ltd.                                                                   20.00%

                                                                                                                               210
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Yunnan Pharmaceutical Zhaotong Co., Ltd.                                                          20.00%

Lijiang Yunquan Biological Development Co., Ltd.                                                  20.00%

Yunnan Baiyao Tiancui Business Management Co., Ltd.                                               20.00%

Beijing Yunzhi Health Management Co., Ltd.                                                        20.00%

Shanghai Wenshu Health Management Co., Ltd.                                                       20.00%

Kunming Yunzhen Medical Technology Co., Ltd.                                                      20.00%

Shanghai Yunyi Medical Technology Co., Ltd.                                                       20.00%

Shanghai Yunpu Medical Technology Co., Ltd.                                                       20.00%

Beijing Yunzhen Medical Aesthetic Clinic Co., Ltd.                                                20.00%

Shanghai Hanshi Health Consulting Co., Ltd.                                                       20.00%

Shanghai Yunzhenni Medical Aesthetic Outpatient Department Co., Ltd.                              20.00%

Yunnan Baiyao Yunzhen International Trade Co., Ltd.                                               20.00%

Shanghai Yunyao Oral Medical Technology Co., Ltd.                                                 20.00%

Yunnan Fengqing Tea Plant Co., Ltd.                                                               20.00%

Yunnan Baiyao Tianyi Chayuan Lincang Manor Co., Ltd.                                              20.00%

Tianjin Yunshuda Comprehensive Clinic Co., Ltd.                                                   20.00%

Xingzhong Digital Intelligence TCM Service Co., Ltd of Yunnan Baiyao Group                        20.00%

Yunnan Yunyao Nuxiang Co., Ltd.                                                                   20.00%

Hangzhou Shanqi Health Industry Co., Ltd.                                                         20.00%

Yunnan Baiyao Group Seed Industry Technology Co., Ltd.                                            20.00%

Yunnan Baiyao Group (Hainan) Import & Export Trading Co., Ltd.                                    20.00%

Shaanxi Zhiyun Wenshu Health Services Co., Ltd.                                                   20.00%

Yunnan Baiyao Group Shanghai Co., Ltd.                                                            20.00%

Shanghai Yunzhen Outpatient Department Co., Ltd.                                                  20.00%

Yunnan Pharmaceutical Xiongyi Co., Ltd.                                                           20.00%

Yunnan Baiyao Group Shanghai Technology Co., Ltd.                                                 20.00%

Yunnan Baiyao Group TCM Development (Weishan) Co., Ltd.                                           20.00%

Yunnan Baiyao Group Digital Intelligence Technology Co., Ltd.                                     20.00%

YNBY Healthcare (Shenzhen) Limited                                                                20.00%

YNBY Healthcare Technology (Yunnan) Co., Ltd.                                                     20.00%

YNBY International Limited                                                                        16.50%

Wan Long Xing Ye Commercial Trading (Hong Kong) Limited                                           16.50%

BL Healthcare (Hong Kong) Limited                                                                 16.50%

Yunbai Coffee Limited                                                                             16.50%


                                                                                                                      211
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


 Yunbai Health Limited                                                                         16.50%

 Yunbai Pharmaceutical Limited                                                                 16.50%

 Yunbai Group Limited                                                                          16.50%

 Yunbai Beauty Limited                                                                          8.25%


2. Preferential tax treatment
     (1) A total of 9 companies, including Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd, Yunnan Digital Intelligence TCM
Development Co., Ltd, Yunnan Baiyao Group Health Products Co., Ltd, Yunnan Baiyao Group Lijiang
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, Yunnan Baiyao Group Wenshan Qihua Co., Ltd, Yunnan Baiyao Pharmacy Co., Ltd,
Yunnan Baiyao Teayield Co., Ltd, Yunnan Baiyao Group Dali Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, and Yunnan Tianzheng Testing

Co., Ltd enjoy the preferential tax treatment for the Western Development and pay the enterprise income tax at the
tax rate of 15%.
     (2) Yunnan Institute of Materia Medica enjoy the preferential tax treatment for high-tech enterprises and pay
the enterprise income tax at the tax rate of 15%.
     (3) For Yunnan Baiyao Group Sanqi Industry Co., Ltd, Yunnan Baiyao Group Tai’an Biotechnology Industry
Co., Ltd and Anguo Juyaotang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, the primary processing of agricultural products is exempt
from enterprise income tax, and the income other than that is taxed at 25%.
     For Lijiang Yunquan Biological Development Co., Ltd, the primary processing of agricultural products is
exempt from enterprise income tax, and the income other than that shall be subject to enterprise income tax for small
and micro enterprises.
     (4) The Hong Kong-based company is subject to the “two-tiered tax rate” policy. This means that for annual
taxable profits not exceeding HKD 2 million, a tax rate of 8.25% applies; for profits exceeding HKD 2 million, a
tax rate of 16.5% applies.
     (5) According to the Announcement of the General Administration of Taxation of the Ministry of Finance on
the Further Implementation of the Preferential Income Tax Policy for Small and Micro Enterprises (Announcement
No. 13 [2022] of the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration), “the part of the annual taxable
income of small and micro profit enterprises exceeding RMB 1 million but not exceeding RMB 3 million shall be
included in the taxable income at a reduced rate of 25%, and the enterprise income tax shall be paid at a tax rate of
20%. The period of implementation of this announcement is from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024,” the
Announcement of the General Administration of Taxation of the Ministry of Finance on Preferential Income Tax
Policies for Small and Micro Enterprises and Individual Industrial and Commercial Households (Announcement
No. 6 [2023] of the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration), “the part of the annual taxable
income of small and micro profit enterprises that does not exceed RMB 1 million shall be included in the taxable
income at a reduced rate of 25%, and the enterprise income tax shall be paid at a tax rate of 20%. The period of
enforcement of this Announcement is from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2024,” and the Announcement of the
General Administration of Taxation of the Ministry of Finance on Tax Policies for Further Supporting the
Development of Small and Micro Enterprises and Individual Industrial and Commercial Enterprises
(Announcement No. 12 [2023] of the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration), “For small, low-

                                                                                                                   212
                                                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

profit enterprises, the taxable income amount shall be calculated at a reduced rate of 25%, and the enterprise income
tax shall be paid at a tax rate of 20%. The policy shall be continued until December 31, 2027.” Thirty-seven
companies, including Yunnan Fengqing Tea Plant Co., Ltd, and Beijing Rui’er Testing Technology Co., Ltd pay
enterprise income tax at a tax rate of 20% according to this policy.
3. Others: None.
VII. Notes to Items in Consolidated Financial Statements

1. Cash and bank balance
                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB
                      Item                                 Closing balance                           Opening balance
   Cash on hand                                                              125,243.29                                124,469.53
   Bank deposit                                                       9,042,351,401.06                          10,835,027,632.02
   Other cash and bank balance                                           65,352,523.63                              52,831,059.75
   Total                                                              9,107,829,167.98                          10,887,983,161.30
       Including: Total amount of money
   deposited overseas                                                  112,994,332.70                              172,825,681.17

   Other explanations: None.


2. Financial assets held for trading
                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB
                     Item                                  Closing balance                           Opening balance
   Financial assets at fair value through
                                                                     4,192,113,408.43                            2,547,113,523.40
   profits or losses
   Including:
         Investments in debt instruments
         Investments in equity instruments                                                                         179,246,998.10
         Others                                                      4,192,113,408.43                            2,367,866,525.30
  Including:
   Total                                                             4,192,113,408.43                            2,547,113,523.40

  Other explanations: The Company adheres to the principle of prudent investment, utilizing idle proprietary funds for wealth
management and investment activities while ensuring daily operations and capital security, thereby enhancing corporate returns and
capital utilization efficiency.

3. Notes receivable

(1) Notes receivable by type
                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB
                     Item                                 Closing balance                            Opening balance
   Banker’s acceptance bill                                            239,281,210.93                             302,751,911.37
   Commercial acceptance bill                                                85,000.00
   Domestic letter of credit                                           346,000,000.00                             626,900,000.00
   Total                                                               585,366,210.93                             929,651,911.37

(2) Disclosure by provision for bad debts




                                                                                                                              213
                                                                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB

                                                                               Closing balance                                                              Opening balance

                                                         Book balance                Provision for bad debts                          Book balance             Provision for bad debts
                         Category
                                                                                                 Provision      Book value                                                Provision       Book value
                                                      Amount             Proportion Amount                                        Amount         Proportion    Amount
                                                                                                 proportion                                                               proportion

     Including:

   Bills receivable with provision for bad debts by     585,366,210.93     100.00%                             585,366,210.93   929,651,911.37     100.00%                               929,651,911.37
   portfolio

           Including:

        Banker’s acceptance bill                        239,281,210.93      40.88%                             239,281,210.93   302,751,911.37     32.57%                                302,751,911.37


        Commercial acceptance bill                           85,000.00       0.01%                               85,000.00                          0.00%


        Domestic letter of credit                       346,000,000.00      59.11%                             346,000,000.00   626,900,000.00     67.43%                                626,900,000.00


   Total                                                585,366,210.93     100.00%                             585,366,210.93   929,651,911.37     100.00%                               929,651,911.37



    Provision for bad debts by portfolio:
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                   Closing balance
                         Item
                                                                Book balance                                   Provision for bad debts                                  Provision proportion

Banker’s acceptance bill                                                        239,281,210.93

Commercial acceptance bill                                                            85,000.00

Domestic letter of credit                                                       346,000,000.00

Total                                                                           585,366,210.93




                                                                                                                                                                                                          214
                                                                                               2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


    The explanation for determining the basis of this combination: None.

    If provision was made for bad debts of notes receivable in accordance with the general expected credit loss model:

    □ Applicable         ☑ Not applicable


        (3) Provision for bad debts accrued, recovered or reversed during the reporting period

        Provision for bad debts accrued during the period: None.
        Provision for bad debts recovered or reversed during the period:
        □ Applicable       ☑ Not applicable

        (4) Notes receivable pledged by the Company at the end of the reporting period: None.

        (5) Notes receivable endorsed or discounted by the Company, which were not yet due on the balance
sheet date as at the end of the reporting period
                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB

                                               Amount derecognized at the end of the          Amount not derecognized at the end of the
                    Item
                                                             period                                           period
Banker’s acceptance bill                                                     1,159,164.16
Domestic letter of credit                                                  368,000,000.00
Total                                                                      369,159,164.16

        (6) Actual write-off of notes receivable for the period

4. Accounts receivable

  (1) Disclosure by aging
                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB

                     Aging                                  Closing balance                                Opening balance

 Within 1 year (inclusive of 1 year)                                       9,956,655,013.57                            9,713,443,216.42

 1 to 2 years                                                               865,042,333.71                               947,991,418.33

 2 to 3 years                                                               211,881,274.53                                92,799,887.41

 Above 3 years                                                               81,486,165.98                                49,403,790.60

 Total                                                                 11,115,064,787.79                              10,803,638,312.76




                                                                                                                                              215
                                                                                                                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.




  (2) Disclosure by provision for bad debts

                                                                                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB

                                                                      Closing balance                                                                         Opening balance
               Category                   Book balance                     Provision for bad debts                                  Book balance                   Provision for bad debts
                                                                                           Provision     Book value                                                                 Provision    Book value
                                      Amount             Proportion        Amount          proportion                         Amount             Proportion       Amount           proportion

Accounts receivable with provision
for bad debts on individual basis         5,666,188.00        0.05%         5,666,188.00       100.00%               0.00         5,666,188.00        0.05%         5,666,188.00       100.00%              0.00


  Including:
   Accounts receivable with
provision for bad debts                   5,666,188.00        0.05%         5,666,188.00       100.00%               0.00         5,666,188.00        0.05%         5,666,188.00       100.00%              0.00
on individual basis
Accounts receivable with
provision for bad debts on           11,109,398,599.79       99.95%       949,339,376.50         8.55%   10,160,059,223.29   10,797,972,124.76       99.95%       874,611,020.37        8.10%    9,923,361,104.39
portfolio basis

  Including:
  Age-based portfolio                11,109,398,599.79       99.95%       949,339,376.50         8.55%   10,160,059,223.29   10,797,972,124.76       99.95%       874,611,020.37        8.10%    9,923,361,104.39
Total                                11,115,064,787.79      100.00%       955,005,564.50         8.59%   10,160,059,223.29   10,803,638,312.76      100.00%       880,277,208.37        8.15%    9,923,361,104.39




                                                                                                                                                                                                               216
                                                                                 2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

        Provision for bad debts made on an individual basis:1

                                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB

                              Opening balance                                               Closing balance
    Name                                  Provision for                           Provision for          Provision               Reason for
                      Book balance                             Book balance
                                           bad debts                               bad debts             proportion              provision
Ningbo
Qingbing                                                                                                                      Little chance of
                        5,666,188.00        5,666,188.00        5,666,188.00          5,666,188.00           100.00%
Biotechnology                                                                                                                 recovery
Co., Ltd.
Total                   5,666,188.00        5,666,188.00        5,666,188.00          5,666,188.00

        Provision for bad debts made on a portfolio basis:1

                                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB

                                                                                Closing balance
               Name
                                              Book balance                   Provision for bad debts             Provision proportion
 Age-based portfolio                             11,109,398,599.79                       949,339,376.50                                  8.55%
 Total                                           11,109,398,599.79                       949,339,376.50

        Explanation on the basis for determining the portfolio: None.
        If provision was made for bad debts of accounts receivable in accordance with the general expected credit loss model:

    □ Applicable ☑ Not applicable


(3) Provision for bad debts accrued, recovered or reversed during the reporting period

Provision for bad debts during the period:
                                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB

                                                                        Changes during the period
        Category          Opening balance                                                                                        Closing balance
                                                                     Recovery or
                                                   Provision                              Write-off           Others
                                                                      reversal
 Single    account
 receivable with
                               5,666,188.00                   0.00             0.00               0.00                 0.00         5,666,188.00
 provision for bad
 debts
 Age-based
                             874,611,020.37       73,293,557.99                0.00        85,482.85       1,520,280.99           949,339,376.50
 portfolio
 Total                       880,277,208.37       73,293,557.99                0.00        85,482.85       1,520,280.99           955,005,564.50

     Note: The “Others” amount during the period represents the bad debt provision for accounts receivable of Anguo Juyaotang
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd as of the merger date.
        Significant provision for bad debts recovered or reversed during the period: None.


(4) Actual write-off of accounts receivable for the period:

                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB

                                 Item                                                        Amount of write-off
   Actual write-off of accounts receivable                                                                                       85,482.85
  Significant write-off of accounts receivable: None.
  Explanation on write-off of accounts receivable: None.

                                                                                                                                             217
                                                                                 2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

   (5) Top five customers in closing balance of accounts receivable and contractual assets summarized
   by debtor
                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB

                                                                                         Percentage of total       Closing balance of
                                                                   Closing balance of
                                                                                         of closing balance    provision for bad debts of
                    Closing balance of    Closing balance of            accounts
 Entity name                                                                                 of accounts        account receivable and
                    accounts receivable   contractual assets         receivable and
                                                                                           receivable and      provision for impairment
                                                                   contractual assets
                                                                                         contractual assets       of contractual assets
Customer A               574,289,753.02                               574,289,753.02                 5.17%                125,950,855.88

Customer B               378,661,103.55                               378,661,103.55                 3.41%                  20,197,170.79

Customer C               350,874,960.50                               350,874,960.50                 3.16%                  32,842,342.94

Customer D               307,071,158.55                               307,071,158.55                 2.76%                  15,353,557.93

Customer E               275,727,883.17                               275,727,883.17                 2.48%                  58,403,048.79

Total                  1,886,624,858.79                             1,886,624,858.79                16.98%                252,746,976.33


   5. Accounts receivable financing

        (1) Accounts receivable financing by type
                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB

                          Item                                 Closing balance                            Opening balance

    Banker’s acceptance bill                                             1,230,423,455.01                            1,887,789,780.16

    Domestic letter of credit                                              451,562,128.92

    Total                                                                1,681,985,583.93                            1,887,789,780.16

   (2) Classified disclosure according to the method of bad debt provision

   Not applicable.

   (3) The bad debt provisions accrued, recovered, or reversed during the period

   Not applicable.

   (4) Financing of receivable pledged by the Company at the end of the reporting period

   Not applicable.

   (5) Financing of receivable endorsed or discounted by the Company, which was not yet due on the balance
   sheet date as at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB

                                                   Amount derecognized at the end of the        Amount not derecognized at the end of
                            Item
                                                                 period                                     the period

         Banker’s acceptance bill                                         5,736,173,619.99

         Domestic letter of credit                                          324,457,006.84

                                                                                                                                  218
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

  Total                                                     6,060,630,626.83


 (6) Financing of receivable pledged by the Company at the end of the period: None.

 (7) Increase/decrease in the financing of accounts receivable and in their fair values during their financing
 period: None.

 (8) Other explanations: None.

 6. Other receivables
                                                                                                          Unit: RMB

                  Item                            Closing balance                            Opening balance
 Dividends receivable                                         79,875,215.52                              10,348,033.98
 Other receivables                                           326,642,028.59                              98,079,164.35
 Total                                                       406,517,244.11                             108,427,198.33

 (1) Interests receivable

1) Dividends receivable by type: None.

2) Major overdue interests: None.

3) Disclosure by provision for bad debts

 □Applicable ☑Not applicable


4) Withdrawal, recovery and reversal of provision for bad debts during the period: None.

5) Actual write-off of dividend receivable during the period: None.

(2) Dividends receivable

1) Dividends receivable by type
                                                                                                          Unit: RMB
               Project (or investee)                Closing balance                          Opening balance
 Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding Co., Ltd.                 79,875,215.52

 Jacobson Pharma Co., Ltd.                                                                                6,482,280.00

 JBM (Healthcare) Co., Ltd.                                                                               3,865,753.98

 Total                                                      79,875,215.52                                10,348,033.98


2) Major dividends receivable aged over one year: None.

3) Disclosure by provision for bad debts

   □Applicable       ☑Not applicable




                                                                                                                   219
                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

  4) Withdrawal, recovery and reversal of provision for bad debts during the period: None.

  5) Actual write-off of dividend receivable during the period: None.

  (3) Other receivables

  1) Other receivables by nature
                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB

                     Nature                                  Closing balance                              Opening balance
    Deposits and guarantees                                             261,910,279.76                               282,011,383.75
    Borrowings                                                            2,677,211.78                                 4,877,211.78
    Current account and petty cash                                      106,645,507.97                                 4,284,813.75
    Others                                                              316,089,936.01                               298,950,367.29
                     Total                                              687,322,935.52                                 590,123,776.57


  2) Disclosure by aging

                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB

                      Aging                                    Closing balance                                Opening balance

     Within 1 year (inclusive of 1 year)                                    336,848,203.09                                 91,464,527.37

     1 to 2 years                                                              17,700,710.11                               11,521,428.46

     2 to 3 years                                                               6,347,352.58                               10,192,068.99

     Above 3 years                                                          326,426,669.74                                476,945,751.75

     Total                                                                  687,322,935.52                                590,123,776.57

  3) Disclosure by provision for bad debts
    ☑ Applicable     □ Not applicable
    Provision was made for bad debts in accordance with the general expected credit loss model:


                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB


                                           Phase I                  Phase II                      Phase III
   Provision for bad debts                                                                                                      Total
                                 Expected credit losses     Lifetime ECL (not credit-      Lifetime ECL (credit-
                                 for the next 12 months            impaired)                     impaired)

Balance as of January 1, 2025              220,783,937.68                                           271,260,674.54        492,044,612.22

Balance as of January 1, 2025
in the current period

——Transferred to Phase 2                                                                                                                 0.00


——Transferred to Phase 3                                                                                                                 0.00

——Transferred back to
                                                                                                                                         0.00
Phase 2



                                                                                                                                        220
                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

——Transferred back to
                                                                                                                                     0.00
Phase 1

Current provision                                                                                                                    0.00


Current reversal                        131,363,705.29                                                                     131,363,705.29


Current transfer                                                                                                                     0.00


Current write-off                                                                                                                    0.00


Other changes                                                                                                                        0.00

Balance as of December 31,
                                          89,420,232.39                                               271,260,674.54       360,680,906.93
2025

       Division base for each phase and proportion of provision for bad debts

       Not applicable

       Changes in book balance with significant changes in loss reserves in the current period

       □ Applicable ☑ Not applicable


  4) Provision for bad debts accrued, recovered or reversed during the current period

  Provision for bad debts during the reporting period:

                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB

                                                                     Changes in this period
       Category           Opening balance                       Recovery or          Transfer or                         Closing balance
                                                 Provision                                                 Others
                                                                 reversal             write-off
 Other accounts
 receivable with
 provision for bad
                             492,044,612.22                    131,363,705.29                                             360,680,906.93
 debts by credit risk
 characteristics
 portfolio
         Total               492,044,612.22                    131,363,705.29                                             360,680,906.93

       Recovery or reversal of provision for bad debts with significant amount during the reporting period: None.


  5) Actual write-off of other receivables for the period: None.

  6) Top five customers in closing balance of other receivables summarized by debtor

                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB

                                                                                                    Percentage of
                                                                                                   total of closing    Closing balance of
        Entity name          Nature of payment     Closing balance              Aging              balance of other    provision for bad
                                                                                                     receivables              debt

     Entity A              Security deposit         100,000,000.00     Within 1 year                       14.55%          5,000,000.00
     Entity B              Security deposit          37,799,431.74     Within 1 year                        5.50%          1,889,971.59
     Entity C              Security deposit          16,700,000.00     Within 1 year,                       2.43%         11,950,000.00

                                                                                                                                    221
                                                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

                                                                          Above 3 years
       Entity D             Security deposit              16,500,000.00   Within 1 year                      2.40%             825,000.00
       Entity E             Security deposit              12,000,000.00   Above 3 years                      1.75%          12,000,000.00
       Total                                           182,999,431.74                                       26.62%          31,664,971.59

  7) Presentation under other receivables due to centralized fund management: None.

  7. Prepayments

  (1) Prepayments by aging
                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB
                                                  Closing balance                                         Opening balance
                Aging
                                         Amount                     Proportion                 Amount                   Proportion
       Within 1 year                     425,475,454.48                     97.94%              292,483,526.83                    96.35%
       1 to 2 years                        4,135,029.82                          0.95%            3,670,061.07                      1.21%
       2 to 3 years                        2,124,307.70                          0.49%            5,838,379.65                      1.92%
       Above 3 years                       2,708,157.73                          0.62%            1,571,876.52                      0.52%
       Total                             434,442,949.73                                         303,563,844.07

  Explanation on why prepayments with aging of more than 1 year and an important amount not settled in time: None.


  (2) Top five suppliers in closing balance of prepayment summarized by payee

       Series                                                                                                  Percentage of prepayments
                                         Company name                                     Book balance
        No.                                                                                                               (%)

          1                                Supplier A                                     83,177,021.66                 19.15%

          2                                Supplier B                                     41,865,167.48                 9.64%

          3                                Supplier C                                     30,179,393.40                 6.95%

          4                                Supplier D                                     17,202,373.12                 3.96%

          5                                 Supplier E                                    15,157,354.57                 3.49%

                                        Total                                            187,581,310.23                 43.18%
       Other explanations: None.


  8. Inventories
  Did the Company need to comply with the disclosure requirements of the real estate industry: No


  (1) Categories of inventories
                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB
                                     Closing balance                                              Opening balance


                                      Provision for                                                Provision for
                                   decline in value of                                               inventory
Item                                 inventories or                                               impairment or
                  Book balance                               Book value      Book balance          provision for       Book value
                                      provision for
                                     impairment of                                                impairment of
                                   contract fulfillment                                               contract
                                          costs                                                 performance costs

                                                                                                                                     222
                                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

Raw materials 1,515,887,407.03                  139,864,005.50 1,376,023,401.531,592,465,699.05               56,078,142.82 1,536,387,556.23
Work in
                        246,090,458.23            6,824,914.85 239,265,543.38 285,385,346.89                   3,184,218.03   282,201,128.86
process

Finished
                    4,664,617,530.93            145,683,078.79 4,518,934,452.144,424,372,412.33               52,518,059.87 4,371,854,352.46
goods

Consumptive
biological               36,331,281.28                            36,331,281.28       42,544,762.19                            42,544,762.19
assets
Materials
outsourced for                                                                          193,030.54                                193,030.54
processing
Packaging
materials and
                         61,727,408.47              898,260.11    60,829,148.36       61,945,999.53              758,513.51    61,187,486.02
low value
consumables

Total               6,524,654,085.94            293,270,259.25 6,231,383,826.696,406,907,250.53             112,538,934.23 6,294,368,316.30


     (2) Data resources confirmed as inventory: None.

     (3) Provision for inventory impairment or provision for impairment of contract performance costs
                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB
                                                     Increase in the current period         Decrease in the current period
                 Item        Opening balance                                              Reversal or                         Closing balance
                                                    Provision            Others                                 Others
                                                                                           reselling
         Raw materials           56,078,142.82      93,898,897.76        1,092,311.50      11,205,346.58                       139,864,005.50
         Unfinished               3,184,218.03       3,640,696.82                                                                 6,824,914.85
         products

         Stocks                  52,518,059.87     157,149,457.10        2,092,855.86      66,077,294.04                       145,683,078.79

         Packaging
         materials
         and low                    758,513.51         166,694.83                               26,948.23                            898,260.11
         value
         consumables
         Total                  112,538,934.23     254,855,746.51        3,185,167.36      77,309,588.85                       293,270,259.25

        Provision for inventory impairment by portfolio: None.


     (4) Explanation on closing balance of inventories involving capitalized amount of borrowing costs

          None.

     (5) Explanation on the current amortization amount of contract performance costs

          None.

     9. Non-current assets due within one year
                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB
                                Item                                  Closing balance                              Opening balance
          Certificate of deposit and interest                                                                                   480,295,722.22
          Total                                                                                                                 480,295,722.22
                                                                                                                                          223
                                                                  2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

(1) Debt investments due within one year


    □ Applicable             ☑ Not applicable


(2) Other debt investments due within one year


    □ Applicable             ☑ Not applicable


10. Other current assets
                                                                                                            Unit: RMB
                 Item                           Closing balance                           Opening balance
Time deposits and other wealth
                                                           373,132,815.85                             109,329,028.37
management products
Input tax to be deducted and certified                     364,066,091.69                             472,854,544.60
Cost of returned goods receivable                          161,604,003.07                             156,086,620.09
Prepaid taxes and fees                                     101,041,664.39                              11,082,804.32
Others                                                     235,050,583.04                              38,755,582.16
Total                                                    1,234,895,158.04                             788,108,579.54

    Other explanations: None.




                                                                                                                  224
                                                                                                                                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
              11. Other equity instrument investments
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                                   Dividend
                                                                    Gains included in      Loss included in            Accumulated gains              Accumulated loss                              Reason for designating
                                                                                                                                                                                    income
                                Closing            Opening        other comprehensive    other comprehensive             included in other             included in other                             measurement at fair
            Item name                                                                                                                                                           recognized in
                                balance            balance         income during the      income during the          comprehensive income          comprehensive income                               value through other
                                                                                                                                                                                  the current
                                                                         period                 period               at the end of the period      at the end of the period                         comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                                                                     period
                                                                                                                                                                                                    The investment is
         ImmuneSensor
                                                                                                                                                                                                    strategic and is a non-
         Therapeutics        71,745,000.00      71,745,000.00
                                                                                                                                                                                                    trading equity
         Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                                                    instrument investment
         Total               71,745,000.00      71,745,000.00
                    Derecognition during the period: None.
                    Itemized disclosure of investment in non-trading equity instruments for the period: None.
                    Other explanations: None.


              12. Long-term equity investments
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB
                                                                                                          Increase and decrease in the current period
                                                  Opening                                                                                                                                                                         Closing
                                                                                           Profits and
                         Opening balance         balance of                                 losses on         Adjustment of                             Cash dividends or      Provision               Closing balance (book     balance of
     Investee
                          (book value)          impairment    Additional   Decreased      investments             other            Change in other                                                             value)           impairment
                                                                                                                                                        profit declared to        for      Others
                                                 provision    investment   investment   confirmed under       comprehensive           equities                                                                                   provision
                                                                                           the equity            income                                     be issued         impairment
                                                                                             method
I. Joint ventures

II. Associates

Shanghai
Pharmaceuticals         12,061,376,588.76                                               981,076,423.38            250,018.48       -42,041,501.39       272,906,986.36                                   12,727,754,542.87
Holding Co., Ltd.
Yunnan TCM Big
Health Innovation
Equity Investment          499,889,683.05                                                    -66,174.01                                                                                                     499,823,509.04
Fund Partnership
(Limited

                                                                                                                                                                                                                          227
                                                                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
Partnership)

Ban Loong
Jacobson JBM                     9,809.54                                 9,809.54                                                                                                                      0.00
Pharma Limited
Lijiang
Changgengming                                              40,000.00                       -40,000.00                                                                                                   0.00
Trading Co., Ltd.

Subtotal                12,561,276,081.35           0.00   40,000.00      9,809.54     980,970,249.37        250,018.48     -42,041,501.39     272,906,986.36           0.00      0.00     13,227,578,051.91    0.00

Total                   12,561,276,081.35           0.00   40,000.00      9,809.54     980,970,249.37        250,018.48     -42,041,501.39     272,906,986.36           0.00      0.00     13,227,578,051.91    0.00


                    The recoverable amount is determined based on fair value less the disposal expense

                    □ Applicable ☑ Not applicable

                    The recoverable amount is determined based on the present value of estimated future cash flows

                    □ Applicable ☑ Not applicable

                    Reasons for significant differences between the foregoing information and information used for impairment testing in previous years or external information: None.

                    Reasons for significant differences between the information used in the Company’s impairment tests in previous years and the actual situation in the corresponding year: None.

                    Other explanations: None.




                                                                                                                                                                                                          228
                                                                               2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


13. Other non-current financial assets
                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB

                       Item                                 Closing balance                              Opening balance
  Financial assets at fair value through
                                                                           210,855,260.47                            387,688,897.11
  profits or losses
  Total                                                                    210,855,260.47                            387,688,897.11

    Other explanations: None.


14. Investment properties

(1) Adoption of the cost measurement model for investment properties

    ☑Applicable □Not applicable

                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB

                                                                                                   Construction in
                         Item                   Buildings and structures      Land use rights        progress
                                                                                                                            Total

     I. Original book value
          1. Opening balance                             63,823,600.25          35,986,907.73                          99,810,507.98

          2. Increase in the current period              15,033,408.77             608,518.16                          15,641,926.93

            (1) Outsourcing                                                                                                         0.00

          (2) Transfer from
     inventory\fixed assets\ construction                15,033,408.77             608,518.16                          15,641,926.93
     in progress
        (3) Increase in business                                                                                                    0.00
   combination

          3. Decrease in the current period              13,270,545.22                      0.00                       13,270,545.22

            (1) Disposal                                                                                                            0.00
            (2) Other transfer out                       13,270,545.22                                                 13,270,545.22
          4. Closing balance                             65,586,463.80          36,595,425.89                         102,181,889.69
     II. Accumulated depreciation and                                                                                               0.00
     accumulated amortization
          1. Opening balance                             41,440,204.15           6,048,232.33                          47,488,436.48

          2. Increase in the current period               4,953,074.46             915,661.66                              5,868,736.12

             (1) Provision or amortization                2,679,471.83             467,571.60                              3,147,043.43
          (2) Transfer from
         inventory\fixed assets\ construction             2,273,602.63             448,090.06                              2,721,692.69
   in progress

          3. Decrease in the current period               4,317,363.76                      0.00                           4,317,363.76

            (1) Disposal                                                                                                            0.00
             (2) Other transfer out                       4,317,363.76                                                     4,317,363.76
          4. Closing balance                             42,075,914.85           6,963,893.99                          49,039,808.84
     III. Provision for impairment                                                                                                  0.00

                                                                                                                                    229
                                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

        1. Opening balance                               2,438,059.35                                                    2,438,059.35

        2. Increase in the current period                  337,442.85                      0.00                           337,442.85

              (1) Provision                                                                                                      0.00
              (2) Transfer from
     inventory\fixed assets\ construction in               337,442.85                                                     337,442.85
     progress

        3. Decrease in the current period                                                                                        0.00

             (1) Disposal                                                                                                        0.00
             (2) Other transfer out                                                                                              0.00
        4. Closing balance                               2,775,502.20                                                    2,775,502.20
     IV. Book value                                                                                                              0.00

        1. Closing book value                           20,735,046.75          29,631,531.90                         50,366,578.65
        2. Opening book value                           19,945,336.75          29,938,675.40                         49,884,012.15


     The recoverable amount is determined based on fair value less the disposal expense.

     □Applicable       ☑Not applicable

     The recoverable amount is determined based on the present value of estimated future cash flows.

     □Applicable       ☑Not applicable

     Reasons for significant differences between the foregoing information and information used for impairment testing in previous
years or external information: None.

     Reasons for significant differences between the information used in the Company's impairment tests in previous years and the
actual situation in the corresponding year: None.

     Other explanations: None.

(2) Adoption of the fair value measurement model for investment properties
     □Applicable        ☑Not applicable

(3) Conversion to investment properties and adoption of fair value measurement: None.
(4) Investment properties for which the title certificate has not been obtained: None.

15. Fixed assets
                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB
                         Item                               Closing balance                            Opening balance

     Fixed assets                                                       3,273,782,844.91                         3,012,529,818.52

     Liquidation of fixed assets                                              557,307.43                                 349,009.57

     Total                                                              3,274,340,152.34                         3,012,878,828.09




                                                                                                                                230
                                                                                 2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
      (1) Fixed assets
                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB

                                    Houses and       Machinery and      Transportation    Electronic
             Item                                                                                           Others             Total
                                     buildings        equipment            vehicles       equipment
I. Original book value:

     1. Opening balance           2,967,355,392.37   1,720,259,929.58    66,771,532.55   179,243,085.40    1,381,365.41   4,935,011,305.31
    2. Increase in the current     312,088,970.28     252,882,699.84      3,101,298.26   37,189,046.66     9,925,971.50    615,187,986.54
 period
     (1) Purchase                                      71,828,374.99      1,003,829.95   22,449,359.53     3,476,718.59     98,758,283.06
    (2) Transfer from               60,898,153.26      91,971,076.17                      9,169,324.55                     162,038,553.98
 construction in progress
   (3) Increase in business        237,920,271.80      89,083,248.68      2,097,468.31    5,570,362.58     6,449,252.91    341,120,604.28
 combination
     (4) Other transfer-in          13,270,545.22                                                                           13,270,545.22
     3. Decrease in the
                                    51,223,567.62      10,127,038.83        24,900.00     3,620,772.45                -     64,996,278.90
current period
      (1) Disposal or
                                       938,699.89      10,127,038.83        24,900.00     3,620,772.45                      14,711,411.17
scrapping
     (2) Other transfer-out         50,284,867.73                                                                           50,284,867.73

     4. Closing balance           3,228,220,795.03   1,963,015,590.59    69,847,930.81   212,811,359.61   11,307,336.91   5,485,203,012.95

II. Accumulated depreciation                                                                                                            0.00

       1. Opening balance          610,989,865.93    1,063,060,001.96    37,399,404.38   120,302,270.06    1,101,181.72   1,832,852,724.05
      2. Increase in the           143,484,201.15     152,406,250.92      4,900,785.55    30,361,296.98    2,523,321.98    333,675,856.58
 current period
       (1) Provision                75,498,326.30     105,792,339.97      3,703,745.56    26,689,953.85      243,526.50    211,927,892.18
       (2) Increase in
                                    63,707,147.80      46,613,910.95      1,197,039.99     3,671,343.13    2,279,795.48    117,469,237.35
business combination
       (3) Other transfer-in         4,278,727.05                                                                            4,278,727.05
     3. Decrease in the
                                    17,220,690.47       5,758,236.50        23,655.00      3,335,861.51               -     26,338,443.48
current period
        (1) Disposal or
                                       441,407.68       5,758,236.50        23,655.00      3,335,861.51                      9,559,160.69
scrapping
       (2) Other transfer-out       16,779,282.79                                                                           16,779,282.79

     4. Closing balance            737,253,376.61    1,209,708,016.38    42,276,534.93   147,327,705.53    3,624,503.70   2,140,190,137.15

III. Provision for impairment                                                                                                           0.00

     1. Opening balance             62,473,662.35      26,103,930.64                       1,051,169.75                     89,628,762.74
     2. Increase in the current
                                             0.00       2,973,977.33              0.00     2,206,000.21            0.00      5,179,977.54
period
          (1) Provision                                 2,973,977.33                       2,206,000.21                      5,179,977.54
     3. Decrease in the
                                    19,979,307.60       3,599,401.79              0.00             0.00            0.00     23,578,709.39
current period
         (1) Disposal or
                                       329,214.27       3,599,401.79                                                         3,928,616.06
scrapping
         (2) Other transfer-
                                    19,650,093.33                                                                           19,650,093.33
out
     4. Closing balance             42,494,354.75      25,478,506.18              0.00     3,257,169.96            0.00     71,230,030.89

IV. Book value                                                                                                                          0.00

                                                                                                                                  231
                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

  1. Closing book value        2,448,473,063.67     727,829,068.03      27,571,395.88      62,226,484.12      7,682,833.21     3,273,782,844.91

  2. Opening book value        2,293,891,864.09     631,095,996.98      29,372,128.17      57,889,645.59        280,183.69     3,012,529,818.52



(2) Temporarily idle fixed assets

                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB
                                                       Accumulated              Impairment
         Item                Original book value                                                           Book value              Remarks
                                                       depreciation              provision
     Houses and
                                   6,372,682.14             3,462,850.08                                     2,909,832.06
     buildings
     Machinery and
                                  41,798,600.60            14,294,305.01          17,640,660.42              9,863,635.17
     equipment
     Transportation
                                     117,682.30               37,775.31                       0.00               79,906.99
     vehicles
     Electronic
                                   6,850,397.46             6,224,953.02                16,931.17              608,513.27
     equipment
     Others                             81,435.29             79,881.97                       0.00                  1,553.32


(3) Fixed assets leased through operating lease: None.

(4) Fixed assets for which the title certificate has not been obtained
                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB
                      Item                                   Book value                   Reasons for not obtaining the title certificate

   No.51 Xiba Road (general workshop)                                   256,800.64      Historical legacy, currently in process
                                                                                        Acquired through judicial auction, with land use
   Yunjian Assets                                                      1,908,792.13
                                                                                        certificate but no property certificate
                                                                                        The property rights of the resettlement housing to
   Commercial properties in Xiaguan, Dali                              1,435,288.03
                                                                                        be processed
   Buildings in planting base of Yunquan                               1,068,365.72     The land is a leased land
   Overall relocation project of Wenshan                                                Partial ownership has been secured, and the
                                                                      15,499,479.36
   Qihua                                                                                remaining is in process
   Drug Division of Dali Pharmaceutical
                                                                      31,816,578.90     In process
   Economic Development Zone
   No. 1 Building of Shanghai Center                                 105,404,693.86     In process

   Kunming Center                                                    270,168,951.56     In process

    Other explanations: None.

(5) Impairment test of fixed assets

    ☑ Applicable □ Not applicable
    The recoverable amount is determined based on fair value less the disposal expense
    ☑ Applicable □ Not applicable
                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB

                                                                               Determination of
                               Book          Recoverable      Impairment                                                   Basis for determining
        Item                                                                    fair value and        Key parameters
                              balance          amount           amount                                                       key parameters
                                                                                disposal costs
Machinery and                                                                                        Residual value
                          3,688,753.50        714,776.17      2,973,977.33    Market price
equipment                                                                                            rate 5%, tax rate
                                                                                                                                        232
                                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       Residual value
Electronic equipment           3,472,945.64   1,266,945.43        2,206,000.21     Market price
                                                                                                       rate 5%, tax rate
          Total                7,161,699.14   1,981,721.60        5,179,977.54

The recoverable amount is determined based on the present value of the estimated future cash flows
□ Applicable            ☑ Not applicable
Reasons for significant differences between the foregoing information and information used for impairment testing in previous years
or external information: None.
Reasons for significant differences between the information used in the Company’s impairment tests in previous years and the actual
situation in the corresponding year: None.
Other explanations: None.


(6) Liquidation of fixed assets

                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB
                        Item                                    Closing balance                           Opening balance
  Machinery and equipment                                                         495,495.35                                   302,720.41
  Electronic equipment                                                             61,812.08                                    46,289.16
  Total                                                                           557,307.43                                   349,009.57

      Other explanations: None.

16. Construction in progress
                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

                        Item                                     Closing balance                            Opening balance
  Construction in progress                                                  807,592,848.36                                 703,439,112.24
  Total                                                                     807,592,848.36                                 703,439,112.24


(1) Construction in progress
                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

                                              Closing balance                                          Opening balance
          Item
                                               Impairment                                                Impairment
                            Book balance                             Book value        Book balance                           Book value
                                                provision                                                 provision
  Project of Yunnan
   Baiyao Shanghai        730,931,829.62                           730,931,829.62     614,608,509.29                        614,608,509.29
 International Center
Yunnan Baiyao Group
TCM Pharmaceutical
                                                                                       45,024,278.93                         45,024,278.93
 Services Kunming
   Center Project
Radiopharmaceutical
R&D Center (Tianjin)                                                                   18,464,159.31                         18,464,159.31
      Project
Yunnan Baiyao R&D
Platform - Kunming
                               1,250,981.88                          1,250,981.88      15,417,106.26                         15,417,106.26
Center Construction
       Project
  Yunnan Baiyao
Wenshan Sanqi Smart
                                                                                        1,873,096.24                          1,873,096.24
 Technology Park
      Project

                                                                                                                                           233
                                                                  2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
     Government-
       Enterprise
Cooperation Project of
Yunnan Baiyao Group
                          38,967,429.33           38,967,429.33        99,600.00                          99,600.00
 in Lijiang Ecological
      Science and
Technology Industrial
    Park (Phase II)
Yunnan Baiyao TCM
Industry Culture Park     22,041,089.96           22,041,089.96       131,702.21                         131,702.21
       Project

       Others             14,401,517.57           14,401,517.57     7,820,660.00                       7,820,660.00

        Total            807,592,848.36   0.00   807,592,848.36   703,439,112.24              0.00   703,439,112.24


(2) Changes in important projects of construction in progress for the period




                                                                                                                 234
                                                                                                                                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                                         Including:
                                                                                                                                           Proportion of                  Accumulated    Amount of     Capitalization
                                                                                    Transfer to fixed   Other decrease
                                                                  Increase in the                                                           total project   Engineering    amount of       interest        rate of        Source
        Item name             Budget amount     Opening balance                       assets in the     in the current   Closing balance
                                                                  current period                                                           investment in     progress        interest    capitalized    interest for     of funds
                                                                                     current period         period
                                                                                                                                               budget                      capitalized      for the      the period
                                                                                                                                                                                            period
Project of Yunnan
Baiyao Shanghai              1,389,170,500.00   614,608,509.29    116,323,320.33                                         730,931,829.62         71.26%         95.00%                                                   Self-funded
International Center
Yunnan Baiyao Group
TCM Pharmaceutical
                               68,096,000.00     45,024,278.93    13,047,301.40      58,070,252.90           1,327.43              -0.00        96.54%        100.00%                                                   Self-funded
Services Kunming
Center Project
Radiopharmaceutical
R&D Center (Tianjin)          101,750,000.00     18,464,159.31     8,615,910.02      25,971,681.41       1,108,387.92              -0.00        82.82%         95.00%                                                   Self-funded
Project
Yunnan Baiyao R&D
Platform - Kunming
                              921,670,000.00     15,417,106.26    18,597,610.39      29,774,079.73       2,989,655.04      1,250,981.88         32.58%         56.00%                                                   Self-funded
Center Construction
Project
Government-Enterprise
Cooperation Project of
Yunnan Baiyao Group in
                              146,650,000.00         99,600.00    79,648,604.88      25,387,159.31      15,393,616.24     38,967,429.33         54.38%         63.75%                                                   Self-funded
Lijiang        Ecological
Science and Technology
Industrial Park (Phase II)
Yunnan Baiyao TCM
Industry Culture Park         183,000,000.00        131,702.21    21,909,387.75                                           22,041,089.96         27.10%         40.00%                                                   Self-funded
Project

Total                        2,810,336,500.00   693,745,356.00    258,142,134.77     139,203,173.35     19,492,986.63    793,191,330.79




                                                                                                                                                                                                                 235
                                                                 2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


(3) Provision for impairment of construction in progress for the period: None.
    Other explanations: None.

(4) Impairment test of construction in progress

    □ Applicable ☑ Not applicable


(5) Project materials: None.

17. Productive biological assets

(1) Adoption of the cost measurement model for productive biological assets

    ☑ Applicable □ Not applicable

                                                                                                       Unit: RMB

                      Item                         Planting                                   Total
                                                   Tea plant
      I. Original book value:

           1. Opening balance                                  2,578,500.00                              2,578,500.00

           2. Increase in the current
      period
            (1) Outsourcing
            (2) Self-cultivation
           3. Decrease in the current
      period
            (1) Disposal
            (2) Others
           4. Closing balance                                  2,578,500.00                              2,578,500.00

      II. Accumulated depreciation

           1. Opening balance                                  1,761,975.15                              1,761,975.15
           2. Increase in the current
                                                                171,900.00                                 171,900.00
      period
            (1) Provision                                       171,900.00                                 171,900.00
           3. Decrease in the current
      period
            (1) Disposal
            (2) Others
           4. Closing balance                                  1,933,875.15                              1,933,875.15

      III. Provision for impairment


           1. Opening balance

           2. Increase in the current
      period

            (1) Provision

                                                                                                                236
                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



            3. Decrease in the current
       period

             (1) Disposal
             (2) Others
       4. Closing balance
       IV. Book value

            1. Closing book value                                      644,624.85                                   644,624.85


            2. Opening book value                                      816,524.85                                   816,524.85


     (2) Impairment test of productive biological assets measured at cost

     □ Applicable ☑ Not applicable

     (3) Adoption of the fair value measurement model for productive biological assets

     □ Applicable ☑ Not applicable

18. Right-of-use assets

(1) Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                        Unit: RMB

                                                                 Machinery and
                  Item                   Houses and buildings                       Land use rights       Total
                                                                  equipment
I. Original book value
     1. Opening balance                         478,008,535.30   4,535,659.59        3,637,250.13     486,181,445.02
    2. Increase in the current period           120,457,220.39      55,581.78       11,144,689.27     131,657,491.44
     (1) Lease                                  119,478,980.44                       1,062,784.04     120,541,764.48
     (2) Others                                     978,239.95      55,581.78       10,081,905.23      11,115,726.96
    3. Decrease in the current period           181,606,069.84           0.00                 0.00    181,606,069.84
     (1) Lease expiration                        64,250,590.30                                         64,250,590.30
     (2) Disposal                               101,527,288.75                                        101,527,288.75
     (3) Others                                  15,828,190.79                                         15,828,190.79
    4. Closing balance                          416,859,685.85   4,591,241.37       14,781,939.40     436,232,866.62
II. Accumulated depreciation                                                                                      0.00
     1. Opening balance                         194,356,417.39     420,677.98          227,328.13     195,004,423.50
    2. Increase in the current period           111,135,848.98     829,284.48        4,201,459.95     116,166,593.41
     (1) Provision                              111,077,035.22     829,284.48        1,236,193.95     113,142,513.65
     (2) Others                                      58,813.76                       2,965,266.00       3,024,079.76
    3. Decrease in the current period           122,941,531.14           0.00                 0.00    122,941,531.14
     (1) Disposal                                55,725,674.81                                         55,725,674.81
     (2) Lease expiration                        64,250,590.30                                         64,250,590.30
     (3) Others                                   2,965,266.03                                          2,965,266.03
    4. Closing balance                          182,550,735.23   1,249,962.46        4,428,788.08     188,229,485.77
III. Provision for impairment
    1. Opening balance
    2. Increase in the current period
                                                                                                                         237
                                                                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


              (1) Provision
             3. Decrease in the current period
              (1) Disposal
            4. Closing balance
        IV. Book value
            1. Closing book value                                234,308,950.62      3,341,278.91       10,353,151.32         248,003,380.85
            2. Opening book value                                283,652,117.91      4,114,981.61         3,409,922.00        291,177,021.52

        (2) Impairment test of right-of-use assets:

             □ Applicable ☑ Not applicable

             Other explanations: None.
        19. Intangible assets

          (1) Intangible assets

                                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB
                                  Land use                          Non-patent                       Tradem       Franchise
            Item                                  Patent Right                       Software                                     Others           Total
                                   rights                           technology                         ark          rights

  I. Original book value

   1. Opening balance            685,685,538.34    34,492,676.60     2,150,381.86    82,481,936.55   20,000.00   154,081,682.57                 958,912,215.92

  2. Increase in the current
                                  58,892,508.47            0.00     79,281,996.02    49,241,689.41   47,297.17             0.00   218,474.55    187,681,965.62
period
        (1) Purchase                                                                 49,241,689.41   47,297.17                                   49,288,986.58

        (2) Internal R&D                                                                                                                                   0.00

       (3) Increase in
                                  58,892,508.47                     79,281,996.02                                                 218,474.55    138,392,979.04
business combination
   3. Decrease in the
                                    608,518.16             0.00             0.00       188,406.65         0.00             0.00         0.00        796,924.81
current period
        (1) Disposal                                                                   188,406.65                                                   188,406.65

        (2) Other transfer-         608,518.16                                                                                                      608,518.16
out
      4. Closing balance         743,969,528.65    34,492,676.60    81,432,377.88   131,535,219.31   67,297.17   154,081,682.57   218,474.55   1,145,797,256.73

  II. Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                           0.00
  amortization
      1. Opening balance         171,214,442.85    29,660,574.56     2,150,381.86    33,289,390.91    5,369.99    17,664,216.34                 253,984,376.51

     2. Increase in the
                                  27,128,864.81     2,230,611.83     7,935,657.54    12,587,487.37    5,258.10             0.00   154,006.65     50,041,886.30
current period
        (1) Provision             15,553,142.56     2,230,611.83     3,212,057.54    12,587,487.37    5,258.10                     10,744.65     33,599,302.05

       (2) Increase in
                                  11,575,722.25                      4,723,600.00                                                 143,262.00     16,442,584.25
business combinations
    3. Decrease in the
                                    448,090.06             0.00             0.00       188,406.65         0.00             0.00         0.00        636,496.71
current period
        (1) Disposal                                                                   188,406.65                                                   188,406.65

        (2) Other transfer-         448,090.06                                                                                                      448,090.06
out
   4. Closing balance            197,895,217.60    31,891,186.39    10,086,039.40    45,688,471.63   10,628.09    17,664,216.34   154,006.65    303,389,766.10

                                                                                                                                                 238
                                                                                         2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


  III. Provision for                                                                                                                                  0.00
  impairment
    1. Opening balance             6,382,453.60                                     332,131.80               136,417,466.23                143,132,051.63

     2. Increase in
                                                                                     82,033.65                                                   82,033.65
the current period
       (1) Provision                                                                 82,033.65                                                   82,033.65

     3. Decrease in
                                                                                                                                                      0.00
the current period
       (1) Disposal                                                                                                                                   0.00

    4. Closing balance             6,382,453.60                                     414,165.45               136,417,466.23                143,214,085.28

  IV. Book value                                                                                                                                      0.00

    1. Closing book value       539,691,857.45    2,601,490.21   71,346,338.48   85,432,582.23   56,669.08                     64,467.90   699,193,405.35

    2. Opening book             508,088,641.89    4,832,102.04           0.00    48,860,413.84   14,630.01             0.00         0.00   561,795,787.78
  value
       The proportion of intangible assets formed through the Company’s internal R&D at the end of the period is 0.00% of the total
       intangible assets balance.
             (2) Data resources confirmed as intangible assets

                 □Applicable               ☑Not applicable

             (3) Land use rights for which the title certificate has not been obtained: None.

             (4) Impairment test of intangible assets

                     ☑Applicable         □Not applicable

                     The recoverable amount is determined based on fair value less the disposal expense
                     □Applicable           ☑Not applicable
                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB

                                                                                          Determination                           Basis for
                                                   Recoverable         Impairment
             Item              Book value                                                of fair value and   Key parameters    determining the
                                                     amount              amount
                                                                                          disposal costs                       key parameters
                                                                                                             The expected      Can no longer
           Software                  82,033.65                              82,033.65    Income method
                                                                                                             fair value is 0   be used

             Total                   82,033.65                              82,033.65

             The recoverable amount is determined based on the present value of the estimated future cash flows
             □Applicable       ☑Not applicable
            Reasons for significant differences between the foregoing information and information used for impairment testing in previous
       years or external information: None
            Reasons for significant differences between the information used in the Company’s impairment tests in previous years and the
       actual situation in the corresponding year: None


       20. Goodwill

         (1) Original book value of goodwill




                                                                                                                                            239
                                                                               2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB

                                                                   Increase in the current    Decrease in the
                                                                           period             current period
     Name of the investee or items forming
                                              Opening balance                                                        Closing balance
                   goodwill
                                                                    Formed by business              Disposal
                                                                       combination

    YNBY International Limited               645,635,327.81                                                            645,635,327.81
    Anguo Juyaotang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                             203,842,391.82                                203,842,391.82
    Yunnan Baiyao Group Medical
                                              26,904,931.64                                                             26,904,931.64
    Technology Hefei Co., Ltd.
    Shanghai Hanshi Health Consulting
                                              23,247,992.08                                                             23,247,992.08
    Co., Ltd.
    Yunnan Baiyao Group Wuxi
                                              12,843,661.62                                                             12,843,661.62
    Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
    Lijiang Yunquan Biological Development
                                                 721,770.39                                                                   721,770.39
    Co., Ltd.
    Total                                     709,353,683.54             203,842,391.82                    0.00        913,196,075.36

   (2) Provision for impairment of goodwill
                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB

                                                                         Increase in the     Decrease in the
                                                                         current period      current period
   Name of the investee or items forming goodwill   Opening balance                                                  Closing balance
                                                                             Provision              Disposal
    YNBY International Limited                       561,515,748.26                                                    561,515,748.26
    Yunnan Baiyao Group Medical Technology
                                                      26,904,931.64                                                     26,904,931.64
    Hefei Co., Ltd.

    Shanghai Hanshi Health Consulting Co., Ltd.       23,247,992.08                                                     23,247,992.08

    Lijiang Yunquan Biological Development
                                                         721,770.39                                                           721,770.39
    Co., Ltd.
    Total                                            612,390,442.37                                                    612,390,442.37

  (3) Related information on asset group or combination of asset groups containing goodwill

                                                                                                                                   Whether
                                                                                                            Business
                                      Composition and basis of the asset group or portfolio to                                    consistent
             Name                                                                                         segments and
                                                        which it belongs                                                           with the
                                                                                                              basis
                                                                                                                                previous years
                                                                                                        The
                                    The asset group consists of “working capital, fixed assets,
                                                                                                        management’s
                                    right-of-use assets, long-term deferred expenses and
                                                                                                        approach to
YNBY International Limited          goodwill,” which is the smallest portfolio of assets or the                                      Yes
                                                                                                        managing and
                                    smallest portfolio of asset groups that can generate major
                                                                                                        monitoring
                                    cash inflows independently
                                                                                                        business activities
                                                                                                        The
                                    The asset group consists of “fixed assets, intangible assets,       management’s
Yunnan Baiyao Group Wuxi            right-of-use assets and goodwill,” which is the smallest            approach to
                                                                                                                                     Yes
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.            portfolio of assets or the smallest portfolio of asset groups       managing and
                                    that can generate major cash inflows independently                  monitoring
                                                                                                        business activities
                                    The asset group consists of “fixed assets, intangible assets,       The
Anguo Juyaotang Pharmaceutical      long-term deferred expenses and goodwill,” which is the             management’s
Co., Ltd.                           smallest portfolio of assets or the smallest portfolio of asset     approach to
                                    groups that can generate major cash inflows independently           managing and
                                                                                                                                           240
                                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                           monitoring
                                                                                                           business activities



      Changes in asset group or combination of asset groups: None.
      Other explanations: None.


      (4) Determination of recoverable amount

             The recoverable amount is determined based on fair value less the disposal expense
             □Applicable       ☑Not applicable

             The recoverable amount is determined based on the present value of estimated future cash flows

             ☑Applicable       □Not applicable

                                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB

                                                                                                     Key           Key
                                                                                                                                      Basis for
                                                                                  Forecast        parameters    parameters
                                            Recoverable         Impairment                                                       determining the key
      Item              Book value                                                 period           for the       for the
                                              amount              amount                                                          parameters for the
                                                                                   (years)         forecast       stable
                                                                                                                                    stable period
                                                                                                    period        period
                                                                                                                                 The income growth
                                                                                               The revenue                       rate for the stable
                                                                                               growth rate     The growth        period is 0%, the
                                                                                               ranges from     rate      is      profit margin and
                                                                                               0.28%      to   0.00%, the        discount rate are for
                                                                                 2026-2030
                                                                                               1.90%,          profit            the last year of the
YNBY                                                                             (followed
                                                                                               profit          margin    is      forecast period, and
International           284,355,273.55     358,578,300.00                        by      the
                                                                                               margin from     2.76%, and        the discount rate is a
Limited                                                                          stable
                                                                                               1.56%      to   the pre-tax       pre-tax discount rate
                                                                                 period)
                                                                                               2.76%, and      discount          that reflects the risks
                                                                                               the pre-tax     rate      is      specific     to     the
                                                                                               discount rate   9.43%             relevant asset group
                                                                                               is 9.43%                          or portfolio of asset
                                                                                                                                 groups.
                                                                                                                                 The income growth
                                                                                                                                 rate for the stable
                                                                                               The revenue
                                                                                                               The growth        period is 0%, the
                                                                                               growth rate
                                                                                                               rate      is      profit margin and
                                                                                               ranges from
                                                                                                               0.00%, the        discount rate are for
                                                                                 2026-2030     -0.05% to
Yunnan Baiyao                                                                                                  profit            the last year of the
                                                                                 (followed     0%, profit
Group     Wuxi                                                                                                 margin    is      forecast period, and
                           36,055,062.21    68,000,000.00                        by      the   margin from
Pharmaceutical                                                                                                 5.39%, and        the discount rate is a
                                                                                 stable        5.23%      to
Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      the pre-tax       pre-tax discount rate
                                                                                 period)       5.41%, and
                                                                                                               discount          that reflects the risks
                                                                                               the pre-tax
                                                                                                               rate      is      specific     to     the
                                                                                               discount rate
                                                                                                               13.40%            relevant asset group
                                                                                               is 13.40%
                                                                                                                                 or portfolio of asset
                                                                                                                                 groups.
                                                                                               The revenue                       Based        on       a
                                                                                               growth rate     The growth        comprehensive
                                                                                               ranges from     rate      is      assessment of the
                                                                                               0.85%      to   1.00%, the        macroeconomic
                                                                                 2026-2030
Anguo                                                                                          4.20%,          profit            environment,
                                                                                 (followed
Juyaotang                                                                                      profit          margin    is      industry
                        540,533,861.41     558,000,000.00                        by      the
Pharmaceutical                                                                                 margin from     6.82%, and        development trends,
                                                                                 stable
Co., Ltd.                                                                                      6.07%      to   the pre-tax       and the Company’s
                                                                                 period)
                                                                                               6.63%, and      discount          own          operating
                                                                                               the pre-tax     rate      is      conditions,         the
                                                                                               discount rate   13.25%            stable       operating
                                                                                               is 13.25%                         period growth rate is
                                                                                                                                            241
                                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                 prudently set at 1%.



Total                     860,944,197.17     984,578,300.00

             Reasons for significant differences between the foregoing information and information used for impairment testing
        in previous years or external information: None.

             Reasons for significant differences between the information used in the Company’s impairment tests in previous
        years and the actual situation in the corresponding year: None.

        (5) Fulfillment of undertakings and goodwill impairment

             Performance commitments existed at the time goodwill was formed and the reporting period, or the previous period
        of the reporting period was within the performance commitment period

             ☑ Applicable □Not applicable

             Other explanations: See “Section V 1. Performance of Commitments 3. Performance Commitments Involved by
        the Company” for details.

        21. Long-term deferred expenses
                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB

                                                         Increase in the       Amortization in
                  Item              Opening balance                                                  Other decrease         Closing balance
                                                         current period      the current period
          Building
          decoration and
                                  119,989,582.68           42,721,969.46         52,640,601.50        2,865,887.39          107,205,063.25
          project
          renovation
          Nanping Street
          renovation project          2,954,145.20                                2,954,145.20                                         0.00
          of Yunnan Baiyao
          Others                      4,138,084.03            783,159.82           692,821.43         2,561,900.67            1,666,521.75
          Total                   127,081,811.91           43,505,129.28         56,287,568.13        5,427,788.06          108,871,585.00

             Other explanations: None.
        22. Deferred income tax assets/deferred income tax liabilities

        (1) Deferred tax assets before offset


                                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB

                                                               Closing balance                                    Opening balance
                   Item                    Deductible temporary            Deferred income tax      Deductible temporary         Deferred income
                                               differences                        assets                differences                 tax assets
        Contractual liabilities                      1,108,022,102.46             174,861,064.03        1,241,244,032.89          188,564,063.04
        Provision for credit
                                                     1,007,784,161.87             246,778,896.60        1,074,991,838.10          165,210,239.51
        impairment
         Provision for asset
                                                      256,615,532.88               49,817,175.53            98,058,482.77          19,885,869.32
         impairment
        Payroll payable and
        long-term employee benefits                   876,439,754.41              138,521,511.70          634,896,697.76           95,426,303.19
        payable


                                                                                                                                             242
                                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Other payables                                574,640,684.63                  91,924,056.78             577,259,909.29            88,284,205.86
Unrealised profits of intra-
                                              381,194,243.82                  58,116,998.22             264,588,567.67            42,769,190.08
group transactions
Lease liabilities                             232,212,961.75                  49,716,850.19             268,875,960.32            39,373,198.50

Deferred income                               249,515,197.31                  38,583,222.00             236,345,643.60            36,433,668.40

Losses that can be offset                     206,673,510.27                  47,304,724.31             153,826,415.38            35,665,838.14
Estimated revenue from
                                              193,306,921.10                  48,198,621.99             177,591,180.68            26,655,057.25
returns
Expenses beyond overall
planning for employee
status conversion expenses
                                               35,561,860.54                      5,334,279.08           20,779,234.95             3,116,885.24
of state-owned enterprises
and social security
expenses of retirees
Others                                        114,628,658.17                  25,062,993.13              89,083,123.75            15,590,498.21

Total                                      5,236,595,589.21                 974,220,393.56            4,837,541,087.16         756,975,016.74



(2) Deferred tax liabilities before offset

                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB

                                                               Closing balance                                  Opening balance

                     Item                        Taxable temporary       Deferred income          Taxable temporary       Deferred income
                                                    differences           tax liabilities            differences           tax liabilities
   Right-of-use assets                                239,818,175.63         51,042,693.07            281,580,952.55          41,832,184.12

   Changes in fair value                              125,288,066.60         18,793,209.99            106,362,930.07          15,954,439.51
   Fixed assets subject to one-time pre-tax
                                                        5,932,346.78              1,483,086.70         21,032,160.78           3,182,909.00
   deduction
   Appreciation of asset
                                                      117,186,331.29         29,296,582.81              3,305,149.96              826,287.49
   valuation
   Investment income from business
   combination not under common                         2,282,373.90               570,593.48           2,282,373.90              570,593.48
   control achieved in stages
   Cost of returned goods receivable                  182,911,787.55         45,609,995.85            168,184,195.95          25,242,517.92

   Others                                              10,809,032.18              1,621,354.84         41,722,666.75           6,258,400.01

   Total                                              684,228,113.93        148,417,516.74            624,470,429.96          93,867,331.53


(3) Deferred income tax assets or liabilities after offset, net
                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB

                             Offsetting amount of
                                                                                       Offsetting amount of
                              deferred income tax        Closing balance of                                        Opening balance of
                                                                                        deferred income tax
                              assets and deferred        deferred income tax                                       deferred income tax
           Item                                                                         assets and deferred
                             income tax liabilities       assets or liabilities                                     assets or liabilities
                                                                                       income tax liabilities
                                at the end of the             after offset                                              after offset
                                                                                      at the beginning of the
                                    reporting
                                                                                        reporting period
                                      period
Deferred income
                                                            974,220,393.56                                            756,975,016.74
tax assets
                                                                                                                                            243
                                                                                  2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


  Deferred income
                                                               148,417,516.74                                     93,867,331.53
  tax liabilities


(4) Details of unrecognized deferred income tax assets
                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB
                        Item                                    Closing balance                           Opening balance
     Provision for asset impairment                                        561,351,160.73                              555,344,587.39
     Deferred income                                                        22,254,615.28                               59,147,921.72
     Deductible losses                                                   1,013,209,963.03                              808,060,703.41
     Others                                                                  6,532,431.38                                 9,908,046.96
     Total                                                               1,603,348,170.42                           1,432,461,259.48

(5) Deductible losses for which deferred income tax assets were unrecognized will expire in the following years
                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB

    Year                Closing balance                             Opening balance                             Remarks
    2025                                                                               11,001,342.99

    2026                                 125,496,431.94                              114,735,981.68

    2027                                 191,835,644.06                              176,920,446.70

    2028                                 244,229,846.52                              269,325,659.53

    2029                                 230,918,592.53                              213,417,423.15

    2030                                 210,522,367.97                                 4,028,298.39

    2031                                   2,135,102.79                                12,861,719.12

    2032                                   1,599,912.28                                 1,599,912.28
    2033                                    355,122.11                                   355,122.11

    2034                                   2,006,985.93                                 3,814,797.46

    2035                                   4,109,956.90

    Total                           1,013,209,963.03                                 808,060,703.41

       Other explanations: None.
  23. Other non-current assets
                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB

                                             Closing balance                                            Opening balance
        Item                                 Impairment                                                   Impairment
                          Book balance                             Book value           Book balance                          Book value
                                              provision                                                    provision
Time deposit and                                                           0.00       485,794,233.38                        485,794,233.38
interest
Stocks of special        42,004,661.40                            42,004,661.40         42,000,723.80                        42,000,723.80
materials
Value-added tax          52,259,747.67                            52,259,747.67         35,013,974.79                        35,013,974.79
credit refund
Advance payment
for the purchase         45,988,031.25                            45,988,031.25         21,763,610.34                        21,763,610.34
of fixed assets, etc.
                                                                                                                                  244
                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


      Cost of returned               21,307,784.48                                21,307,784.48              12,097,575.84                                 12,097,575.84
      goods receivable
      Less: the part due
                                                                                                0.00       -480,295,722.22                               -480,295,722.22
      within 1 year
      Total                         161,560,224.80                              161,560,224.80             116,374,395.93                                116,374,395.93

                Other explanations: None.


        24. Assets with restricted ownership or use rights

                                                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB
                                           At the end of the period                                                     At the beginning of the period
    Item                                                 Type of                                                                                  Type of
                  Book balance         Book value                          Restriction             Book balance             Book value                          Restriction
                                                        restriction                                                                              restriction
                                                                      Mortgage loans
                                                                      secured by buildings
                                                       Mortgage       and structures of
Fixed assets       165,119,200.00     140,829,049.75
                                                       loan           Anguo Juyaotang
                                                                      Pharmaceutical Co.,
                                                                      Ltd.
                                                                      Mortgage loans
                                                                      secured by land use
Intangible                                             Mortgage       rights of Anguo
                    57,000,237.75      45,520,086.38
assets                                                 loan           Juyaotang
                                                                      Pharmaceutical Co.,
                                                                      Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                Guarantee
                                                                                                                                                                deposits,
                                                                      Guarantee deposits,
                                                                                                                                                                banker’s
Cash and                                                              banker’s acceptance
                                                       Security                                                                                 Security        acceptance
bank                14,353,427.82      14,353,427.82                  bill deposits,                    21,699,196.16          21,699,196.16
                                                       deposit                                                                                  deposit         bill deposits,
balance                                                               performance bond
                                                                                                                                                                performance
                                                                      deposits, etc.
                                                                                                                                                                bond
                                                                                                                                                                deposits, etc.
                                                                      Litigation
                                                                      preservation. As of the
                                                                      date of issuance of
                                                                      these financial
                                                                      statements, the
Cash and
                                                       Property       plaintiff has
bank                 1,489,443.87       1,489,443.87
                                                       preservation   withdrawn the lawsuit,
balance
                                                                      and the court has ruled
                                                                      to lift the litigation
                                                                      preservation, effective
                                                                      immediately from the
                                                                      date of the ruling.
                                                                                                                                                                Special
                                                                                                                                                                fund for the
                                                                      Special fund for the
Cash and                                                                                                                                                        maintenance
                                                                      maintenance of
bank                 2,650,040.09       2,650,040.09   Special use                                       2,648,389.00            2,648,389.00   Special use     of housing in
                                                                      housing in the housing
balance                                                                                                                                                         the housing
                                                                      reform housing
                                                                                                                                                                reform
                                                                                                                                                                housing
Various                                                               All assets of the                                                                         Special
assets of the                                                         special account for                                                                       fund    for
restructured       557,103,568.81     557,103,568.81   Special use    restructuring, the               588,106,000.80         588,106,000.80    Special use     paying the
special                                                               special fund for                                                                          cost     of
account                                                               paying the cost of                                                                        employee
                                                                                                                                                                245
                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                     employee status                                                                     status
                                                                     conversion in state-                                                                conversion
                                                                     owned enterprises                                                                   in     state-
                                                                                                                                                         owned
                                                                                                                                                         enterprises
                                                                                                                                                         Shares shall
                                                                                                                                                         not        be
                                                                                                                                                         transferred
                                                                                                                                                         within 36
Long-term                                                                                                                                Within the
                                                                                                                                                         months from
equity                                                                                          12,061,376,588.76   12,061,376,588.76    restricted
                                                                                                                                                         the
investments                                                                                                                              period
                                                                                                                                                         completion
                                                                                                                                                         of        the
                                                                                                                                                         private
                                                                                                                                                         placement
                                                                     Accounts receivable
                                                        Accounts     factoring of Anguo
Accounts
                      12,541,236.47     11,914,174.65   receivable   Juyaotang
receivable
                                                        factoring    Pharmaceutical Co.,
                                                                     Ltd.
Total                810,257,154.81    773,859,791.37                                           12,673,830,174.72   12,673,830,174.72

        Other explanations: None.
        25. Short-term loans

        (1) Classification of short-term loans

                                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB

                                Item                                       Closing balance                               Opening balance
             Pledged borrowings                                                             12,541,236.47
             Loan in credit                                                                150,010,000.00                               402,133,333.39
             Discounted internal bills                                                      20,224,516.74                                21,246,939.25
             Total                                                                         182,775,753.21                               423,380,272.64

        Explanation on classification of short-term loans: The increase in pledged borrowings for the current period is attributable to the
        business combination under non-common control of Anguo Juyaotang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd in October 2025.
        (2) Overdue and outstanding short-term loans: None.

        26. Notes payable
                                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB
                                 Type                                      Closing balance                               Opening balance
             Banker’s acceptance bill                                                 1,846,714,475.61                              1,913,702,684.41
             Total                                                                    1,846,714,475.61                              1,913,702,684.41

        Total notes payable due and unpaid at the end of the period were RMB 0.00.

        27. Accounts payable
        (1) Accounts payable
                                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB

                                 Item                                      Closing balance                               Opening balance
         Payment for goods                                                           5,242,447,200.83                              4,504,527,943.71
         Payment for engineering equipment and
                                                                                       280,574,656.03                                   253,824,460.16
         others
                                                                                                                                                       246
                                                                            2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


 Total                                                           5,523,021,856.86                           4,758,352,403.87

(2) Major accounts payable aged over one year: None.
(3) Whether there are any overdue payments to small and medium-sized enterprises that remain unpaid
Whether it qualifies as a large enterprise
☑ Yes ☐ No
Whether there are any overdue payments to small and medium-sized enterprises that remain unpaid
☐ Yes ☑ No
28. Other payables

                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB
                      Item                                Closing balance                            Opening balance
   Dividend payable                                                        1,317,388.73                            86,490,742.04
   Other payables                                                    1,460,141,946.26                           1,300,141,934.71
   Total                                                             1,461,459,334.99                           1,386,632,676.75


 (1) Interests payable: None.

 (2) Dividend payable

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB
                      Item                               Closing balance                            Opening balance
  Chuxiong Yunzhu Trading Co., Ltd.                                         743,156.77
  Kunming        Nuo’an       Enterprise
                                                                            574,231.96
  Management Co., Ltd.
  State-owned Assets Supervision and
  Administration Commission of the
  People’s Government of Yunnan
                                                                                                                  86,490,742.04
  Province, New Huadu Industrial Group
  Co., Ltd, Jiangsu Yuyue Science &
  Technology Development Co., Ltd.
  Total                                                                 1,317,388.73                              86,490,742.04

 Other explanations, including material dividends payable outstanding for more than one year, with disclosure of reasons for non-
payment: None.
(3) Other payables

1) Other payables by nature of payment

                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB
                      Item                               Closing balance                            Opening balance
  Market maintenance fee                                              625,164,703.25                             673,934,303.55
  Deposits and guarantees                                             377,010,766.64                             298,287,462.43
  Other current accounts                                              128,759,561.20                             103,612,259.40
  Collection and payment                                               98,268,582.83                             140,402,907.16
  Hospital management fee payable                                      52,353,461.90                              51,844,605.65
  Equity transfer payment                                             132,000,000.00
  Others                                                               46,584,870.44                              32,060,396.52

                                                                                                                              247
                                                                                  2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


  Total                                                                    1,460,141,946.26                          1,300,141,934.71


2) Other important payables aged over 1 year or overdue: None.

29. Receipts in advance
(1) Receipts in advance
                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB

                      Item                                  Closing balance                                Opening balance
 Receipts in advance - lease                                                  190,841.21                                 446,673.78
 Total                                                                        190,841.21                                 446,673.78

(2) Major receipts in advance aged over one year: None.


30. Contractual liabilities

                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB

                      Item                                 Closing balance                                 Opening balance
 Contract receipts in advance                                            1,504,554,209.16                          1,914,556,130.56
 Others                                                                      1,272,729.02                              1,567,256.60
 Total                                                                   1,505,826,938.18                          1,916,123,387.16

Significant contractual liabilities with aging more than 1 year: None.

The amount and reasons for significant changes in the book value during the reporting period: None.


31. Payroll payable

(1) Payroll payable
                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB

                                                        Increase in the current      Decrease in the current
          Item                  Opening balance                                                                    Closing balance
                                                                period                      period
  I. Short-term
                                  1,212,565,480.98           2,899,210,620.42               2,701,360,200.50       1,410,415,900.90
  compensation
  II. Welfare after
  demission -
                                     63,375,884.85             299,279,488.87                 291,737,553.92          70,917,819.80
  defined
  contribution plan
  III. Dismissal welfare              8,009,462.99               7,855,521.39                  14,597,399.36           1,267,585.02
  Total                           1,283,950,828.82           3,206,345,630.68               3,007,695,153.78       1,482,601,305.72

(2) Short-term compensation
                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB


           Item                    Opening balance        Increase in the current     Decrease in the current        Closing balance
                                                                  period                     period

 1. Salary, bonus,
                                     545,205,297.02            2,180,979,173.57              2,112,535,423.47          613,649,047.12
 allowance, and subsidy

 2. Staff welfare                      23,757,984.38             102,153,148.17                101,308,595.98           24,602,536.57

                                                                                                                                     248
                                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


 3. Social insurance
                                     1,109,615.16           131,307,714.18                123,933,915.95              8,483,413.39
 contribution
 Of which: Medical
                                     1,022,522.87           114,625,805.44                107,368,220.08              8,280,108.23
  insurance premiums
           Industrial injury            46,137.70              8,343,412.19                 8,321,109.58                    68,440.31
 insurance premiums
            Maternity
                                        40,954.59              8,338,496.55                 8,244,586.29                134,864.85
 insurance premiums
 4. Housing provident fund           1,342,383.35           148,639,004.96                147,992,255.28              1,989,133.03
 5. Union dues and staff
                                    40,977,853.89            47,504,891.89                 45,400,388.01             43,082,357.77
 training fees
 6. Short-term paid
                                                                                                                                 0.00
 absence
 7. Short-term profit-
                                   582,623,599.84           151,952,528.47                 34,211,700.00            700,364,428.31
 sharing plan
 8. Other short-term
                                    17,548,747.34           136,674,159.18                135,977,921.81             18,244,984.71
 compensation
 Total                           1,212,565,480.98         2,899,210,620.42             2,701,360,200.50           1,410,415,900.90

(3) Defined contribution plans

                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB


         Item                  Opening balance      Increase in the current     Decrease in the current         Closing balance
                                                            period                     period
 1. Basic endowment
                                   1,892,951.88           218,726,287.34               217,962,892.94               2,656,346.28
 insurance
 2. Unemployment
                                      71,770.37             9,607,259.46                   9,580,249.12                98,780.71
 insurance premiums
 3. Corporate pension
                                  61,411,162.60            70,945,942.07                  64,194,411.86            68,162,692.81
 payment
 Total                            63,375,884.85           299,279,488.87               291,737,553.92              70,917,819.80

 Other explanations: None.


32. Tax payables
                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB

                       Item                               Closing balance                                 Opening balance

    Enterprise Income Tax                                             127,452,678.42                                 312,428,903.46

    Individual income tax                                                5,223,796.68                                 22,714,512.22

    Value added tax                                                     90,500,172.56                                 63,461,639.78

    Property tax                                                        12,877,107.87                                 13,699,166.25

    Land use tax                                                         5,382,781.43                                  5,538,344.78

    Stamp duty                                                           5,448,846.28                                  7,385,564.48

     Consumption tax                                                               0.00                                2,202,350.70

     Resource tax                                                              1,804.00                                       3,000.00


                                                                                                                                  249
                                                                                  2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


      Education surcharge                                                       3,345,171.01                              3,014,717.15
      Urban maintenance and construction
                                                                                9,360,180.43                              8,407,433.24
    tax
      Local education surcharge                                                 3,439,910.43                              2,005,874.44

      Environmental protection tax                                                  4,316.61                                  3,629.23

      Water conservancy fund                                                       28,387.12                                56,737.77

      Vehicle and vessel usage tax                                                  2,850.00

      Collected and remitted taxes and fees                                    14,983,489.27                             25,681,893.64

      Total                                                                278,051,492.11                             466,603,767.14

 Other explanations: None.


 33. Non-current liabilities due within one year

                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB

                    Item                                     Closing balance                            Opening balance
  Long-term borrowings due within one                                          400,330.00
  year
  Lease liabilities due within one year                                  76,043,381.53                              88,436,075.74
  Total                                                                  76,443,711.53                              88,436,075.74

 Other explanations: None.


34. Other current liabilities
                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB

                              Item                                        Closing balance                     Opening balance

     Transfer to output tax                                                         360,570,121.44                    454,197,724.34

     Returns payable                                                                170,793,224.69                    164,864,900.59
     Special financial support funds of “transferring loan
     to subsidy” for the use of intelligent voice cluster
                                                                                      1,800,000.00                        1,800,000.00
     development base in the R&D project of intelligent
     medical devices based on medical big data
      Total                                                                         533,163,346.13                    620,862,624.93

 Changes in short-term bonds payable: None.

 Other explanations: None.


 35. Long-term loans

 (1) Long-term loans by type
                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB

                   Item                                      Closing balance                           Opening balance
  Pledged borrowings                                                     84,469,400.83
  Loan in credit                                                          2,100,000.00                               2,100,000.00
  Total                                                                  86,569,400.83                               2,100,000.00
                                                                                                                                  250
                                                                                 2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Explanation on classification of long-term loans: The increase in pledged borrowings for the current period is attributable to the business
combination under non-common control of Anguo Juyaotang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd in October 2025.

Other explanations, including the range of interest rate: None.


36. Lease liabilities
                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB

                      Item                                    Closing balance                              Opening balance
 Buildings and structures                                                 205,042,296.11                                272,449,967.85
 Machinery and equipment                                                      965,984.38                                  2,982,837.50
 Right of land use                                                         11,865,480.22                                  3,660,260.62
 Less: Non-current liabilities reclassified to
                                                                          -76,043,381.53                                -88,436,075.74
 liabilities due within one year
 Total                                                                    141,830,379.18                                190,656,990.23

Other explanations: None.


37. Long-term payables
                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB
                     Item                                     Closing balance                               Opening balance
  Long-term payables                                                      551,241,357.32                                586,694,704.41
  Special payables                                                           4,838,584.16                                  4,838,584.16
  Total                                                                   556,079,941.48                                591,533,288.57


(1) Long-term payables by nature of payment
                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB

                     Item                                     Closing balance                               Opening balance
  Expenses beyond overall planning for
  employee status conversion expenses
                                                                          549,851,147.17                                586,694,704.41
  of state-owned enterprises and social
  security expenses of retirees
  Boiler room investment boiler and
  supporting equipment transfer and                                          1,390,210.15
  operation contract

Other explanations: None.
(2) Special payables
                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB


          Item           Opening balance         Increase in the       Decrease in the          Closing balance           Reasons
                                                 current period        current period
 Preliminary funds
 for major                                                                                                           Transfer from
 technological                 888,468.00                                                            888,468.00      Baiyao Holdings due
 transformation                                                                                                      to merger by
 projects                                                                                                            absorption
                                                                                                                    Transfer from
 Fulintang chain                                                                                                    Baiyao Holdings
                               500,000.00                                                            500,000.00
 operating funds                                                                                                    due to merger by
                                                                                                                    absorption



                                                                                                                                       251
                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                             Transfer from
 Funds for                                                                                   Baiyao
 Kunming                      500,000.00                                       500,000.00    Holdings due to
 medicine                                                                                    merger by
 distribution center                                                                         absorption
                                                                                             Transfer from
 Yunnan Sanqi                                                                                Baiyao
 brand                        164,272.00                                       164,272.00    Holdings due to
 registration                                                                                merger by
 project                                                                                     absorption
 Group                                                                                       Transfer from
 company                                                                                     Baiyao
 management                   250,978.00                                       250,978.00    Holdings due to
 information                                                                                 merger by
 system project                                                                              absorption
 Group company                                                                               Transfer from
 technology                                                                                  Baiyao
 center                       231,265.00                                       231,265.00    Holdings due to
 construction                                                                                merger by
 expenses                                                                                    absorption
                                                                                             Transfer from
 Nefuramide                                                                                  Baiyao
 oxalate                       85,426.00                                        85,426.00    Holdings due to
 project                                                                                     merger by
 funding                                                                                     absorption
                                                                                             Transfer from
 Yunnan Natural
                                                                                             Baiyao
 Medicine
                              998,506.00                                       998,506.00    Holdings due to
 Engineering
                                                                                             merger by
 Center project
                                                                                             absorption
                                                                                             Transfer from
 New drug
                                                                                             Baiyao
 research project
                              472,062.56                                       472,062.56    Holdings due to
 for treatment of
                                                                                             merger by
 back pulp injury
                                                                                             absorption
                                                                                             Transfer from
 Material                                                                                    Baiyao
 purchase project             489,575.00                                       489,575.00    Holdings due to
 research expense                                                                            merger by
                                                                                             absorption
 R&D of new
 drugs for treating                                                                          Transfer from
 cardiovascular                                                                              Baiyao
                              258,031.60                                       258,031.60    Holdings due to
 and
 cerebrovascular                                                                             merger by
 diseases (TCM)                                                                              absorption

 Total                       4,838,584.16                                    4,838,584.16

Other explanations: None.


38. Long-term payroll payable
(1) Details of long-term payroll payable

                                                                                                  Unit: RMB

                      Item                  Closing balance                         Opening balance
II. Termination benefits                                  825,601.53                               417,539.44

                                                                                                                252
                                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


    III. Other long-term benefits                                            893,344.80                                       878,826.00
    Total                                                                   1,718,946.33                                    1,296,365.44

   (2) Change of defined benefit plan: None.


   39. Estimated liabilities

                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB
                   Item                        Closing balance              Opening balance                         Reasons
                                                                                                      Returns payable not settled within one
      Returns payable                                   22,513,696.41               12,726,280.09
                                                                                                      year
      Total                                             22,513,696.41               12,726,280.09

   Other explanations, including important assumptions and estimates related to significant estimated liabilities: None.

   40. Deferred income

                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

                                                                      Increase in        Decrease in
                      Item                          Opening                                                      Closing          Reasons
                                                    balance           the current        the current             balance
                                                                        period             period
      Government subsidies                       295,493,565.32     59,054,600.00        82,778,352.73       271,769,812.59
      Including: Government subsidies
                                                 133,786,181.20     54,284,600.00        68,556,964.40       119,513,816.80
      related to income
                  Government subsidies
                                                 161,707,384.12       4,770,000.00       14,221,388.33       152,255,995.79
        related to assets
        Total                                    295,493,565.32     59,054,600.00        82,778,352.73       271,769,812.59          --

   Other explanations: None.


   41. Other non-current liabilities

                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

                        Item                                     Closing balance                               Opening balance
     Housing reform sale proceeds from
                                                                              1,931,554.36                                    1,931,554.36
     employees
      Total                                                                   1,931,554.36                                    1,931,554.36

     Other explanations: None.


   42. Share capital
                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB

                                                                  Increase or decrease (＋, －)
                                                                     Capitalization
                 Opening balance     Issuance of                       of capital                                                Closing balance
                                                 Share dividend                              Others              Subtotal
                                     new shares                       reserve into
                                                                     share capital
Total
number of       1,784,262,603.00                                                                                                1,784,262,603.00
shares
    Other explanations: None.

   43. Capital reserves
                                                                                                                                           253
                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB
                                                      Increase in the current     Decrease in the current
            Item                 Opening balance                                                               Closing balance
                                                              period                     period
 Capital premium (equity
                               17,480,187,335.11                                                               17,480,187,335.11
 premium)
 Other capital reserves           156,961,488.37              37,009,868.76               42,041,501.39           151,929,855.74
 Total                         17,637,148,823.48              37,009,868.76               42,041,501.39        17,632,117,190.85

Other explanations, including changes and reasons thereof for the period:
     (1) On May 22, 2025, YNBY International placed 800,000,000 shares, increasing its total number of issued
shares from 6,799,914,160 to 7,599,914,160. The Company holds 5,009,936,360 shares in YNBY International,
accounting for 65.92% of its all issued shares. This transaction, which involves a change in the owner’s equity share
of a subsidiary while still maintaining control over it, is considered an equity transaction, resulting in an increase of
capital reserves by RMB 37,009,868.76.
     (2) In the current year, other changes in equity in associates and passive dilution of shares due to the exercise
of rights to issue new shares were recognized, and a decrease of RMB 42,041,501.39 in capital surplus - other capital
surplus was recognized in accordance with the proportion of shares held.




                                                                                                                                 254
                                                                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
44. Other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB

                                                                                                          Amount for the current period

                                                                   Less: Amount previously
                                                 Amount before         included in other          Less: Amount previously included in                              That
                                  Opening                                                                                                                                       That attributable
             Item                                income tax in                                                                              Less: income      attributable to                         Closing balance
                                  balance                           comprehensive income             other comprehensive income but                                                to minority
                                                  the current      but transferred to profits     transferred to retained earnings in the   tax expenses      the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                interests after tax
                                                    period             and losses in the                      current period                                     after tax
                                                                        current period

 I. Other comprehensive
 incomes that will not be
                                 -1,616,965.82     -2,017,048.84                                                                                                -2,017,048.84                           -3,634,014.66
 reclassified into profits or
 losses
   Other comprehensive
 income that cannot be
 transferred to profits or       -1,616,965.82     -2,017,048.84                                                                                                -2,017,048.84                           -3,634,014.66
 losses under equity
 method

 II. Other comprehensive
 incomes to be
                                -99,646,390.49     -3,996,808.05                           0.00                                     0.00            0.00        -1,810,975.36       -2,185,832.69     -101,457,365.85
 reclassified into profits
 and losses

 Including: Other
 comprehensive income
 that can be transferred to     -61,216,791.66      2,267,067.32                                                                                                 2,267,067.32                          -58,949,724.34
 profits or losses under
 equity method

   Other fair value
 changes in debt                                                                                                                                                                                                0.00
 investments

   Amount of financial
 assets reclassified to other                                                                                                                                                                                   0.00
 comprehensive income

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   255
                                                                                                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

    Other credit
  impairment provisions for                                                                                                                                                                       0.00
  debt investments

     Cash flow hedge
                                                                                                                                                                                                  0.00
  reserve

     Exchange differences
  from translation of
  financial statements         -38,429,598.83   -6,263,875.37                                                                                       -4,078,042.68       -2,185,832.69    -42,507,641.51
  denominated in foreign
  currencies


  Total other comprehensive
                              -101,263,356.31   -6,013,856.89                                                                                       -3,828,024.20       -2,185,832.69   -105,091,380.51
  income

Other explanations, including adjustments to the effective portion of the cash flow hedge profits or losses transferred to the amount initially recognized for the hedged item: None.




                                                                                                                                                                                                     256
                                                                                         2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



     45. Surplus Reserves
                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB

                Item                   Opening balance        Increase in the current       Decrease in the
                                                                      period                 current period          Closing balance

        Statutory
        surplus                         2,530,458,968.58                                                          2,530,458,968.58
        reserves
        Total                           2,530,458,968.58                                                          2,530,458,968.58

       Explanations on surplus reserves, including changes and reasons thereof for the period: None.


     46. Undistributed profit
                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB

                             Item                                       Current period                               Previous period
          Undistributed profit at the end of the
                                                                               16,981,339,385.76                              18,102,147,836.12
          previous period before adjustment
          Undistributed profit at the beginning of the
                                                                               16,981,339,385.76                              18,102,147,836.12
          period after adjustment
          Plus: Net profits attributable to equity
          owners the Company’s owners in the                                     5,153,486,838.91                              4,749,415,499.55
          current period
                 Ordinary share dividends payable                                3,932,514,762.15                              5,870,223,949.91
          Undistributed profit at the end of the
                                                                               18,202,311,462.52                              16,981,339,385.76
          period
       Details on adjustment of undistributed profits at the beginning of the period:
     1) Due to retrospective adjustments in accordance with Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and relevant new provisions, the
     undistributed profits at the beginning of the period were affected by RMB 0.00.
     2) Due to changes in accounting policies, the undistributed profits at the beginning of the period were affected by RMB 0.00.
      3) Due to correction of material accounting errors, the undistributed profits at the beginning of the period were affected by RMB 0.00.
      4) Due to changes in the consolidation scope under common control, the undistributed profits at the beginning of the period were affected
by RMB 0.00.
      5) Due to other adjustments, the undistributed profits at the beginning of the period were affected by RMB 0.00.

      Details about use of capital reserves to cover losses: None.

     47. Operating revenue and operating cost
                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB

                                             Amount for the current period                          Amount for the previous period
                Item
                                         Revenue                      Cost                     Revenue                       Cost
     Principal businesses              41,136,324,305.75         29,010,509,127.15           39,983,936,095.25           28,851,334,965.90
     Other businesses                      50,674,784.56              22,414,068.67              49,364,719.47               13,431,239.20
     Total                             41,186,999,090.31         29,032,923,195.82           40,033,300,814.72           28,864,766,205.10
     The audited total profit, net profit, or net profit after deducting non-recurring gains and losses of the Company during the reporting period,
whichever is the lowest, is negative

     □ Yes             ☑No


                                                                                                                                               257
                                                                                                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
                   Breakdown information of operating revenue and operating cost:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB

                                     Drug sales                       Health and daily chemical                  TCM resources                       Pharmaceutical distribution                       Others                                    Total
Type of contract
                         Operating                                  Operating                             Operating                                Operating                               Operating                                Operating
                                             Operating cost                          Operating cost                        Operating cost                            Operating cost                         Operating cost                               Operating cost
                          revenue                                    revenue                               revenue                                  revenue                                 revenue                                  revenue

Business type          8,152,695,248.96    2,528,736,489.82       6,820,194,325.71   2,171,837,485.03   2,203,656,020.79   1,885,314,372.48     22,948,312,735.31    21,533,955,902.23   1,062,140,759.54       913,078,946.26   41,186,999,090.31    29,032,923,195.82

Including:

Industry sales
                       8,152,695,248.96      2,528,736,489.82     6,820,194,325.71   2,171,837,485.03    994,610,950.93     838,164,517.49                                                 48,822,143.17         36,005,813.17   16,016,322,668.77       5,574,744,305.51
income
Commercial
                                                                                                        1,204,333,454.32   1,042,720,625.33     22,948,312,735.31    21,533,955,902.23    930,737,719.27        829,621,479.04   25,083,383,908.90    23,406,298,006.60
sales income
Technical
                                                                                                           4,697,247.28        4,412,412.36                                                18,913,170.01         17,881,515.06      23,610,417.29          22,293,927.42
services
Hotel catering
                                                                                                                                            -                                              12,992,942.53          7,156,070.32      12,992,942.53            7,156,070.32
industry
Planting sales
                                                                                                              14,368.26          16,817.30                                                              0                   0           14,368.26              16,817.30
income

Others                                                                                                                                                                                     50,674,784.56         22,414,068.67      50,674,784.56          22,414,068.67

By operating
                       8,152,695,248.96      2,528,736,489.82     6,820,194,325.71   2,171,837,485.03   2,203,656,020.79   1,885,314,372.48     22,948,312,735.31    21,533,955,902.23   1,062,140,759.54       913,078,946.26   41,186,999,090.31    29,032,923,195.82
areas

Including:

In Yunnan
                       1,265,947,864.63           59,750,830.17    239,328,862.14      135,374,012.30   1,319,301,784.57   1,064,710,546.44     22,715,865,382.37    21,336,630,115.98    297,834,846.67        174,670,750.79   25,838,278,740.38    22,771,136,255.68
province
Outside Yunnan
province
                       6,874,046,023.61      2,465,526,873.88     6,579,405,771.73   2,035,299,159.20    790,852,428.81     730,959,150.81        232,447,352.94       197,325,786.25     762,847,299.07        737,273,125.68   15,239,598,876.16       6,166,384,095.82
(excluding
overseas)

Overseas                 12,701,360.72             3,458,785.77      1,459,691.84        1,164,313.53     93,501,807.41      89,644,675.23                                                  1,458,613.80          1,135,069.79     109,121,473.77          95,402,844.32




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                258
                                                                           2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


     Other explanations: The Company and its subsidiaries are mainly engaged in sale of drugs, medicinal materials, health and
daily chemical products, etc. and recognize the realization of revenue upon delivery of products to customers and confirmatio n
by customers that they have obtained control over the products. No contracts are for the purpose of significant financing. But
some contracts may include some discount and concession clauses. Usually, no contracts contain expected refunds to customers
or other similar obligations assumed by the Company.
     Information related to the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations: As of the end of this reporting
period, the income corresponding to the performance obligations that have been contracte d but not yet fulfilled or completed is
RMB 0.00.
     Information about variable consideration in the contract: None.
  Significant contract changes or significant adjustments to the transaction price: None.
     Other explanations: None.

48. Taxes and surcharges
                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB

                  Item                           Amount for the current period              Amount for the previous period
 Consumption tax                                                       -162,255.15                              2,559,522.81
 Urban maintenance and construction tax                           100,624,649.46                             102,075,935.22
 Education surcharge                                                43,248,660.13                              43,871,752.93
 Resource tax                                                                                                       3,000.00
 Property tax                                                       28,123,265.73                              25,986,330.94
 Land use tax                                                       10,941,460.35                              11,067,873.16
 Vehicle and vessel use tax                                              96,701.32                                 68,462.25
 Stamp duty                                                         20,951,517.29                              28,025,938.39
 Local education surcharge                                          30,037,839.86                              29,246,835.29
 Others                                                                238,374.89                                 211,718.45
 Total                                                            234,100,213.88                             243,117,369.44

Other explanations: None.

49. Administrative expenses

                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB

                   Item                           Amount for the current period              Amount for the previous period
   Employee compensation                                            670,879,724.55                             677,420,256.86
   Depreciation and amortization                                    119,860,764.07                             100,161,064.67
   Technical service fee                                             22,489,782.54                              45,839,677.23
   Office expenses                                                   32,668,028.71                              34,922,096.07
   Agency service fee                                                27,587,087.14                              34,600,043.93
   Advertising and promotion expenses                                20,894,751.39                               2,656,177.04
   Travel expenses                                                   17,643,928.96                              19,239,105.28
   Utilities and property management fee                              9,492,082.88                               9,266,666.24
   Security and cleaning fee                                          5,733,245.06                               7,385,287.50
   Business entertainment fee                                         8,578,202.57                               9,996,603.25
   Afforestation and pollution discharge
                                                                        3,549,638.84                              3,624,510.35
   fee
   Lease cost                                                           4,927,963.62                             3,314,864.30
   Others                                                              75,774,951.89                            89,127,131.15
   Total                                                          1,020,080,152.22                           1,037,553,483.87

 Other explanations: None.

                                                                                                                             259
                                                                          2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



 50. Selling expenses

                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB

                   Item                           Amount for the current period             Amount for the previous period
  Employee compensation                                           1,654,736,306.88                           1,492,204,675.60
  Display expenses                                                  912,510,547.06                             555,834,987.51
  Business promotion expenses                                       729,760,631.46                             831,157,288.16
  Advertising expenses                                              666,804,077.82                             460,234,304.23
  Marketing service fees                                            390,347,939.16                             294,098,539.30
  Promotional staff expenses                                        209,974,585.69                             204,548,340.61
  Conference fee                                                    199,638,196.29                              59,814,571.90
  Travel expenses                                                   148,885,327.10                             148,652,306.95
  Promotion fees                                                     98,998,405.71                             113,293,440.09
  Others                                                            607,809,359.72                             719,663,582.56
   Total                                                          5,619,465,376.89                           4,879,502,036.91

 Other explanations: Primarily, the increase in online sales expenses drove the rise in the proportion of online revenue.

 51. R&D expenses

                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB

                  Item                           Amount for the current period             Amount for the previous period
 Employee compensation                                             148,267,652.32                             176,064,710.71
 Materials consumption and
                                                                    79,459,172.96                              58,512,136.24
 inspection fee

 Commissioned R&D cost                                              43,002,098.56                              44,437,281.25

 New product design fee                                             24,194,911.30                              18,717,947.75

 Depreciation and amortisation                                      27,309,510.77                              12,431,179.87
 Test out-sourcing expenses                                          6,482,555.30                               2,971,133.28
 Others                                                             21,829,485.04                              24,278,911.93
 Total                                                             350,545,386.25                             337,413,301.03

 Other explanations: The proportion of R&D personnel engaged in capitalization projects increased in this period.

52. Financial expenses

                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

                   Item                          Amount for the current period             Amount for the previous period
  Interest expenses                                                  24,049,890.09                              63,177,001.07
  Less: interest income                                             -90,467,001.34                            -221,210,259.84
  Net loss on foreign exchange                                       13,320,306.04                              -7,646,886.55
  Bank charges                                                        6,175,346.00                              10,749,449.67
  Others                                                                 31,136.51                                -624,414.20
  Total                                                             -46,890,322.70                            -155,555,109.85

    Other explanations: None.

53. Other income

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB

          Other sources of income               Amount for the current period              Amount for the previous period

                                                                                                                            260
                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


 Government subsidies directly included
 in current profit and loss during the                            36,891,811.26                           42,056,174.39
 period
 Amortization of government subsidies
                                                                  12,478,832.23                           12,768,533.54
 related to assets
 Amortization of government subsidies
                                                                  46,962,820.50                           29,379,041.17
 related to income
 Return of individual income tax
                                                                   3,802,493.92                            9,533,408.94
 service charge
 Others                                                              646,735.22                            8,272,615.61
 Total                                                           100,782,693.13                          102,009,773.65

54. Gains on changes in fair value

                                                                                                              Unit: RMB

 Sources of gains on changes in fair            Amount for the current period          Amount for the previous period
 value
 Financial assets held for trading                                63,620,485.18                           73,822,492.46
 Other non-current financial assets                               46,868,983.53                           63,014,517.48
 Total                                                          110,489,468.71                           136,837,009.94

 Other explanations: None.

55. Investment income

                                                                                                              Unit: RMB

                            Item                            Amount for the current period    Amount for the previous
                                                                                                    period
Gain on long-term equity investments subject to
                                                                         989,141,635.98                 774,279,535.69
accounting with equity method
Investment income from disposal of long-term equity
                                                                            -773,539.48
investment
Investment income on financial assets held for trading
                                                                                                           6,671,289.70
during holding period
Investment income from disposal of financial assets held
                                                                          69,107,860.22                  -12,988,016.22
for trading
Investment income earned during the holding period of
                                                                                                         20,474,449.39
other non-current financial assets
Gain or loss on disposal of other non-current financial
                                                                          29,102,029.45
assets
Others                                                                   -43,591,680.65                  -11,499,763.50
Total                                                                  1,042,986,305.52                 776,937,495.06

Other explanations: None.

56. Credit impairment losses

                                                                                                            Unit: RMB

                  Item                          Amount for the current period          Amount for the previous period
 Bad debt losses on accounts receivable                          -73,297,317.52                          -46,675,411.57
 Bad debt losses on other receivables                            131,363,705.29                            6,749,484.95
 Total                                                            58,066,387.77                          -39,925,926.62

 Other explanations: None.


                                                                                                                        261
                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



57. Asset impairment losses

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB

                   Item                         Amount for the current period             Amount for the previous period
I. Inventory impairment losses and
contract performance cost impairment                            -251,970,176.51                              -49,327,607.34
losses
II. Impairment loss of fixed assets
                                                                   -5,179,977.54                             -26,077,160.26

III. Impairment loss of intangible assets
                                                                      -82,033.65                                -332,131.80

IV. Goodwill impairment loss                                                                                   -7,158,530.50
X. Others                                                          -1,139,970.32                               -8,335,279.72
Total                                                           -258,372,158.02                              -91,230,709.62

  Other explanations: None.

58. Gains on disposal of assets

                                                                                                                Unit: RMB

  Source of gains on disposal of assets        Amount for the current period             Amount for the previous period
Profit from disposal of non-current
                                                                  1,068,989.10                                 -435,663.65
assets
Profit from disposal of right-of-use
                                                                  7,098,606.71                                  926,315.30
assets
Total                                                             8,167,595.81                                  490,651.65

59. Non-operating revenue

                                                                                                                Unit: RMB

                                                                Amount for the previous          Amount of non-recurring
            Item                Amount for the current period                                    profits or losses included
                                                                       period
                                                                                                      in the current period
 Profits from destruction
 and scrapping of non-                               780.57                     2,313,930.54                         780.57
 current assets
 Others                                       24,950,775.25                    13,169,408.19                  24,950,775.25

 Total                                        24,951,555.82                    15,483,338.73                  24,951,555.82

  Other explanations: None.

60. Non-operating expenses

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB

                                                                Amount for the previous           Amount of non-recurring
            Item               Amount for the current period                                     profits or losses included in
                                                                       period
                                                                                                      the current period
 External donations                           3,559,921.32                      4,588,957.23                     3,559,921.32
 Losses from destruction
 and scrapping of non-                          195,913.67                       276,676.77                        195,913.67
 current assets


                                                                                                                            262
                                                                           2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Others                                           16,820,397.97                37,519,863.02                       16,820,397.97
Total                                            20,576,232.96                42,385,497.02                       20,576,232.96

  Other explanations: None.

61. Income tax expense

(1) Table of income tax expenses

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB

                   Item                            Amount for the current period          Amount for the previous period
 Current income tax expenses                                      1,040,808,385.05                             964,657,851.50
 Deferred income tax expenses                                      -187,478,538.30                             -47,010,547.79
 Total                                                             853,329,846.75                              917,647,303.71


(2) Adjustment process of accounting profit and income tax expense

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB

                             Item                                              Amount for the current period
Total profit                                                                                             6,043,270,703.73
Income tax expense calculated at statutory/applicable tax                                                  906,490,605.56
rate
Effect of different tax rates applied to subsidiaries                                                      116,809,018.51
Effect of adjusting income tax for prior periods                                                           113,356,741.92
Effect of non-taxable income                                                                              -232,849,226.22
Effect of non-deductible costs, expenses and losses                                                            55,943,100.27
Effect of deductible losses on the use of deferred tax assets
                                                                                                           -22,799,899.62
not recognized in prior periods
Effect of deductible temporary differences or deductible
losses on deferred income tax assets not recognized in the                                                     47,800,169.79
current period
Change in the balance of deferred income tax
assets/liabilities at the beginning of the year due to tax rate                                           -102,953,967.48
adjustments
Extra tax deductions for R&D costs                                                                         -39,115,667.95
Others                                                                                                      10,648,971.97
Income tax expenses                                                                                        853,329,846.75

Other explanations: None.

62. Other comprehensive income

For details, please refer to Note 44.




                                                                                                                               263
                                                                            2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



 63. Cash flow statement

 (1) Cash relating to operating activities

   Cash received relating to other operating activities

                                                                                                                Unit: RMB

                   Item                           Amount for the current period            Amount for the previous period
  Interest income                                                    90,466,408.88                           219,472,052.00
  Deposits and guarantees                                           281,202,587.55                           146,845,057.57
  Government subsidy                                                 95,946,411.26                           151,879,874.90
  Current account and petty cash                                    194,101,167.67                            39,444,457.98
  Others                                                            161,889,760.49                            54,463,899.59
  Total                                                             823,606,335.85                           612,105,342.04

   Explanations on cash received relating to other operating activities: None.

   Cash payments relating to other operating activities

                                                                                                                Unit: RMB

                   Item                          Amount for the current period            Amount for the previous period
  Expenses of cost nature                                        3,693,169,338.71                         2,795,371,889.92
  Deposits and guarantees                                          308,304,828.84                           166,961,729.93
  Current account and petty cash                                   268,527,909.03                            14,551,758.72
  Others                                                            35,744,124.90                             7,683,664.97
  Total                                                          4,305,746,201.48                         2,984,569,043.54

   Explanations on cash payments relating to other operating activities: None.

(2) Cash relating to investment activities

   Cash received relating to other investment activities

                                                                                                                Unit: RMB

           Item                                  Amount for the current period            Amount for the previous period
 Principal and interest of time deposits
                                                                   910,784,049.98                         7,043,006,500.00
 and other financial products redeemed
 Other fund lending                                                 55,410,000.00
 Total                                                             966,194,049.98                         7,043,006,500.00

   Important cash received relating to investment activities

                                                                                                                Unit: RMB

                          Item                         Amount for the current period       Amount for the previous period
   Redeeming the principal of financial products
                                                                    6,651,743,736.65                          553,145,988.51
   and more
   Redeeming the principal and interest of fixed
                                                                      910,784,049.98                        7,043,006,500.00
   deposits and more
   Collecting financial management income and
                                                                      321,151,517.75                          420,227,984.66
   dividends
   Total                                                            7,883,679,304.38                         8,016,380,473.17
     Explanations on cash received relating to other investing activities: None.


                                                                                                                             264
                                                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


   Cash payments relating to other investment activities

                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB

                    Item                            Amount for the current period             Amount for the previous period
  Time deposits and        other   banking
                                                                      827,237,810.00                            5,143,140,000.00
  products
  Total                                                               827,237,810.00                            5,143,140,000.00

   Important cash paid relating to investment activities

                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB

                            Item                               Amount for the current period       Amount for the previous period
  Cash paid to acquire fixed assets, intangible assets and
                                                                               479,661,609.93                      675,074,486.64
  other long-term assets
  Purchasing banking products and other wealth
                                                                             8,120,000,000.00                    2,900,000,000.00
  management products
  Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries                                        500,320,758.81
  Deposit products such as fixed deposits                                      827,237,810.00                    5,143,140,000.00
  Equity investment funds                                                                                          500,000,000.00
  Total                                                                      9,927,220,178.74                    9,218,214,486.64

 Explanations on cash payments relating to other investing activities: None.

(3) Cash received relating to financing activities

 Cash received relating to other financing activities

                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB

                           Item                               Amount for the current period       Amount for the previous period
  Withholding and remittance of individual income tax
                                                                                68,733,636.26                      73,292,510.43
  on dividend distribution
  Refund of dividend distribution guarantee deposit                              2,000,000.00                       2,000,000.00

  Total                                                                         70,733,636.26                      75,292,510.43

 Explanations on cash received relating to other financing activities: None.

 Cash paid relating to other financing activities
                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB
                    Item                            Amount for the current period               Amount for the previous period
  Payment of lease costs                                               127,682,444.58                               90,383,082.47
  Handling fee for financing activities                                     785,482.55                               2,381,635.77
  Withholding    and  remittance of
  individual income tax on dividend                                     79,741,001.00                               60,073,045.88
  distribution
  Dividend distribution guarantee deposit                                  2,000,000.00                              2,000,000.00
  Total                                                                210,208,928.13                              154,837,764.12

 Explanations on cash paid relating to other financing activities: None.
 Change of liabilities resulting from financing activities
 RApplicable      □Not applicable


                                                                                                                               265
                                                                                        2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB

                                                 Increase in the current period              Decrease in the current period
        Item            Opening balance                                                                           Non-cash        Closing balance
                                               Cash change           Non-cash change         Cash change
                                                                                                                   change
Short-term
                         423,380,272.64       180,394,185.38            12,631,236.47       432,087,875.08       1,542,066.20      182,775,753.21
borrowings
Long-term
borrowings
(including long-
                            2,100,000.00                                85,069,730.83           200,000.00                          86,969,730.83
term borrowings
due within one
year)
Lease liabilities
(Lease liabilities
                         279,093,065.97                               204,950,752.28         91,241,306.17     174,928,751.37      217,873,760.71
due within one
year)
Dividend payable          86,490,742.04                              3,944,670,229.91     4,029,843,583.22                           1,317,388.73
Total                    791,064,080.65       180,394,185.38         4,247,321,949.49     4,553,372,764.47     176,470,817.57      488,936,633.48


        (4) Explanation on presentation of cash flow in net amount: None.

         (5) Significant activities and financial effects that do not involve current cash receipts and
        disbursements but affect the enterprise’s financial position or may affect the enterprise’ s cash flows in
        the future

        None.


        64. Supplementary information of cash flow statement

         (1) Supplementary information of cash flow statement

                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB

                        Supplementary information                      Amount for the current period       Amount for the previous period
          1. Reconciliation of net profit to cash flows from
          operating activities
           Net profit                                                             5,189,940,856.98                      4,767,072,360.28
           Plus: Impairment provision for assets                                    200,305,770.25                       131,156,636.24
                 Depreciation of fixed assets, depreciation of oil
          and gas assets, depreciation of productive                                214,601,515.25                       203,119,678.85
          biological assets
                 Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                113,142,513.65                        83,364,568.49
                 Amortization of intangible assets                                      30,458,268.65                     25,012,034.21
                 Amortization of long-term deferred expenses                            56,277,022.29                     38,404,127.20
                 Losses on disposal of fixed assets, intangible
          assets and other long-term assets (gain is indicated                          -8,167,595.81                         435,663.65
          with “-”)
                 Losses on scrapping of fixed assets (gain
                                                                                           195,133.10                     -2,037,253.77
          is indicated with “-”)
                Losses on changes in fair value (gain is
                                                                                   -110,489,468.71                      -136,837,009.94
          indicated with “-”)


                                                                                                                                       266
                                                                         2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


         Financial expenses (income is indicated with “-”)               32,955,118.48                     62,336,462.09
         Investment losses (gain is indicated with “-”)              -1,103,650,478.73                   -842,061,414.65
       Decrease of deferred income tax assets
                                                                       -208,859,943.48                    -66,105,807.62
 (increase is indicated with “-”)
        Increase of deferred income tax
                                                                         54,550,185.21                     19,095,259.83
 liabilities (decrease is indicated with “-”)
         Decrease in inventories (increase is indicated
 with                                                                    -72,254,087.27                   113,232,804.84
 “-”)
       Decrease in operating receivable items
                                                                        349,815,291.54                   -758,018,810.16
 (increase is indicated with “-”)
        Increase in operating payable items (decrease
                                                                       -139,126,220.96                    585,907,421.72
 is indicated with “-”)
         Others                                                                                            72,926,421.01
         Net cash flows from operating activities                     4,599,693,880.44                  4,297,003,142.27
 2. Major investment and financing activities
 irrelevant to cash income and expense:
        Conversion of debts into capital
        Convertible corporate bonds due within one year
        Fixed assets acquired under finance leases
 3. Net changes in cash and cash equivalents:
     Closing balance of cash                                          8,532,232,687.39                10,275,529,575.34
     Less: Opening balance of cash                                   10,275,529,575.34                14,151,765,468.49
     Plus: Closing balance of cash equivalents
     Less: Opening balance of cash equivalents
     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                       -1,743,296,887.95                 -3,876,235,893.15

(2) Net cash paid for acquisitions of subsidiaries for the period
                                                                                                                Unit: RMB

                                                                                                    Amount
  Cash or cash equivalents paid for business mergers that occurred during the
                                                                                                             528,000,000.00
  period
  Including:

  Anguo Juyaotang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                   528,000,000.00

  Less: Cash and cash equivalents held by the subsidiaries on acquisition dates                               27,679,241.19

  Including:

  Anguo Juyaotang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                    27,679,241.19

  Including:

  Net cash paid to acquire the subsidiaries                                                                  500,320,758.81

Other explanations: None.
(3) Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries for the period: None.
                                                                                                              Unit: RMB
                                                                                                    Amount




                                                                                                                        267
                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


  Cash or cash equivalents received from disposal of subsidiaries during the period                                      1,680,000.00

  Including:

  Shanghai Yunzhen Outpatient Department                                                                                 1,680,000.00

  Including:

  Including:

  Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries                                                                        1,680,000.00

Other explanations: None.

(4) Composition of cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB

                   Item                                  Closing balance                                 Opening balance
 I. Cash                                                         8,532,232,687.39                               10,275,529,575.34
 Including: Cash on hand                                                    125,243.29                                  124,469.53
        Bank deposit available
                                                                 8,482,597,792.16                               10,222,574,046.06
 for payment at any time
        Other cash and bank
 balance available for payment at                                         49,509,651.94                              52,831,059.75
 any time
 III. Cash and cash equivalents at the
                                                                 8,532,232,687.39                               10,275,529,575.34
 end of the reporting period


 (5) Presentation of items with restricted use but still belonging to cash and cash equivalents: None.

 (6) Cash and bank balance which are not cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB
                              Amount in the          Amount in the               Reasons for not belonging to cash and cash
           Item
                             reporting period       previous period                              equivalents
 Guarantee deposit,
 banker’s acceptance bill
                                 14,353,427.82        21,699,196.16                    Cannot be withdrawn at any time
 deposit, performance
 deposit, etc
                                                                                 Cannot be withdrawn at any time; litigation
                                                                            preservation: as of the date of issuance of the financial
 Fund for litigation                                                        statement, the plaintiff has withdrawn the lawsuit, and
                                  1,489,443.87                        0
 preservation                                                                the court has ruled to lift the litigation preservation,
                                                                            which shall be immediately executed from the date of
                                                                                                    the ruling
 Cost specially used for
 housing reform and               2,650,040.09         2,648,389.00                    Cannot be withdrawn at any time
 maintenance
 Cost specially used for
 identity conversion for
                              557,103,568.81         588,106,000.80                    Cannot be withdrawn at any time
 employees in state-
 owned enterprises
 Total                        575,596,480.59         612,453,585.96

Other explanations: None.




                                                                                                                                   268
                                                                         2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


(7) Explanations on other significant activities: None.

65. Notes to statement of changes in equity
Explanation on “Others” adjusted for closing balance of the previous year and adjusted amount thereof: None.
66. Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies

(1) Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies

                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

                               Closing balance of foreign                                    Closing balance converted
            Item                                                      Exchange rate
                                       currency                                                      into RMB
Cash and bank balance
Including: HKD                            158,516,938.22                        0.903220                 143,175,668.94
         USD                               20,545,481.87                        7.028800                 144,410,082.98
          Euro                               1,834,498.46                       8.235500                  15,108,012.07
         Japanese yen                         650,841.00                        0.044797                      29,155.72
         South Korean won                  21,324,422.00                        0.004860                     103,642.39
         THB                                1,994,317.25                        4.494000                   8,962,461.72
         CAD                                    1,647.83                        5.114200                       8,427.33
         CHF                                   20,353.13                        8.851000                     180,145.54
         SGD                                   39,335.98                        5.458600                     214,719.38
         MYR                                  120,855.32                        0.577390                      69,780.65
Accounts receivable
Including: HKD                            293,619,698.28                        0.903220                 265,203,183.88
           SGD                                     272.50                       5.458600                         1,487.47
Other receivables
Including: HKD                               2,274,145.21                       0.903220                   2,054,053.44
            THB                                 20,500.00                       4.494000                        92,127.00
Other current assets
Including: HKD                               260,000,000.00                     0.903220                   234,837,200.00
Accounts payable
Including: HKD                              135,755,000.44                       0.903220                 122,616,631.50
Other payables
Including: HKD                                4,702,086.55                       0.903220                      4,247,018.62
           Japanese yen                         860,094.00                       0.044797                         38,529.63
           THB                                   53,830.00                       4.494000                        241,912.02
           CAD                                    2,000.00                       5.114200                         10,228.40
           SGD                                    5,500.00                       5.458600                         30,022.30
Non-current liabilities due
within one year
Including: HKD                                3,448,354.52                       0.903220                      3,114,622.77
  Other explanations: None.
(2) Description of overseas business entities; for material overseas business entities, disclose their major
business places overseas, functional currency and the selection criterion thereof; should there be any
change in the functional currency, disclose the reason for such change.

     □ Applicable RNot applicable

67. Lease


                                                                                                                            269
                                                                            2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


(1) The Company as the lessee

    R Applicable □ Not applicable

    Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities
    R Applicable □ Not applicable

           Item                             Current period                                  Same period last year

 Variable lease payments
 included in current profit
 and loss but not included                                       4,379,127.32                                    1,853,203.38
 in the measurement of
 lease liabilities

    Simplified handling of payments of short-term leasing or leasing of low value assets
    R Applicable □ Not applicable

            Item                                Current period                                Same period last year

 Short-term leasing fee                                            28,895,132.74                                21,297,315.26

 Total                                                             28,895,132.74                                21,297,315.26

    After-sales leaseback transactions: None.

(2) The Company as the lessor

    Operating lease where the Company is the lessor
    R Applicable □ Not applicable

                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB
                                                                     Including: Receipts related to variable lease payments not
                   Item                  Receipts from lease
                                                                                     included in lease receipts
  Lease revenue                                 17,142,377.55
  Total                                         17,142,377.55

    Finance lease where the Company is the lessor

    □ Applicable ☑ Not applicable

    Undiscounted lease receipts for each of the next five years

    □ Applicable ☑ Not applicable

    Reconciliation of undiscounted lease receipts to net investment in leases: None.


(3) Recognition of profits and losses on sales under finance leases as a manufacturer or distributor

     Applicable ☑ Not applicable

68. Others
   None.

VIII. R&D Expenditure

                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB


                                                                                                                             270
                                                                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                         Item                                   Amount for the current period                          Amount for the previous period
                 Employee benefits                                                                  168,561,877.38                                             176,428,120.44
                 Materials consumption and inspection
                                                                                                       82,192,372.19                                            58,715,281.92
                 fees
                 Commissioned R&D cost                                                                 56,168,562.33                                            12,553,292.71
                 New product design fee                                                                24,313,864.14                                            13,008,621.76
                 Depreciation and amortization                                                         31,913,397.11                                            44,437,281.25
                 Test outsourcing fee                                                                  35,896,061.76                                            18,717,995.73
                 Others                                                                                24,288,009.77                                            24,522,693.78
                 Total                                                                              423,334,144.68                                             348,383,287.59
                 Including: Expensed R&D expenditure                                                350,545,386.25                                             337,413,301.03
                             Capitalized R&D expenditure                                               72,788,758.43                                            10,969,986.56


               1. R&D projects meeting capitalization conditions

                                                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB
                                                                                     Increase in the current
                                                                                                                                 Decrease in the current period
                                                                                             period
                                                                 Opening                                                                                                          Closing
                           Item                                                       Internal                                                            Transfer to
                                                                 balance                                                    Recognized as                                         balance
                                                                                    development             Others                                       current profits
                                                                                                                           intangible assets
                                                                                       costs                                                                or losses
       P137 Project R&D (IND)                              25,422,461.13                  513,053.16                                                                            25,935,514.29
       Fuqi Guben Ointment                                                          15,711,255.23                                                                               15,711,255.23
       INR101 Project                                                               56,564,450.04                                                                               56,564,450.04
       Total                                               25,422,461.13            72,788,758.43                                           0.00                    0.00        98,211,219.56

               Important capitalized R&D projects: None.

               Impairment provision for R&D expenditure: None.


               2. Important outsourced project under study: None.

               IX. Changes in the Consolidation Scope

               1. Business combination not under common control

               (1) Business combination not under common control in the period


                                                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                                                               Net profit of
                                                                                                                                          Revenue of the                         Cash flow of the
                                                                                                                       Basis for                               the acquiree
                                                                     Ratio of        Way of                                                acquiree from                          acquiree from
  Name of the            Time point of          Cost of equity                                    Acquisition         determining                                from the
                                                                      equity          equity                                              the acquisition                         the acquisition
    acquiree         equity acquisition          acquisition                                           date          the acquisition                            acquisition
                                                                    acquisition     acquisition                                          date to the end of                      date to the end of
                                                                                                                          date                                date to the end
                                                                                                                                            the period                                the period
                                                                                                                                                               of the period
Anguo Juyaotang                                                                                                    Gaining
                                                                                                  October     1,
Pharmaceutical      October 1, 2025             660,000,000.00        100.00%      Cash                            substantial             226,033,987.82      11,663,167.02      122,764,476.83
                                                                                                  2025
Co., Ltd.                                                                                                          control.


                                                                                                                                                                                271
                                                                          2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Other explanations: None.


(2) Combination cost and goodwill


                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB

                             Combination cost

  --Cash                                                                                                     660,000,000.00

  --Fair value of non-cash assets

  --Fair value of debts issued or assumed

  --Fair value of equity securities issued

  --Fair value of contingent consideration

  --Fair value of the equity held prior to the acquisition date on the
  acquisition date

  --Others

  Total combination cost                                                                                     660,000,000.00

  Less: Fair value share of identifiable net assets acquired                                                 456,157,608.18

  Amount that the goodwill/combination cost is less than the fair value
                                                                                                             203,842,391.82
  share of the identifiable net assets obtained

     Method for determining the fair value of the combination cost: The fair value of the combination cost is

determined based on the Asset Evaluation Report on the Fair Value of Identifiable Assets and Liabilities

Involved in the Merger Consideration Allocation of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd to Anguo Juyaotang

Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (PCA [2025] No. 2203) issued by Pan-China Appraisal Co., Ltd.

     Explanation of contingent consideration and its changes: None.

     Main reason for the formation of significant goodwill is that the acquiree possesses a promising market

outlook and strong profitability, with its market value exceeding the fair value of its identifiable net assets.

     Other explanations: None.


(3) Identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquiree on the acquisition date


                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB

                                                                Anguo Juyaotang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.

                                                  Fair value on acquisition date          Book value on acquisition date

  Assets:

  Monetary funds

  Accounts receivable                                                281,634,658.93                          281,634,658.93

  Inventory                                                          144,567,379.52                          116,731,599.63



                                                                                                                           272
                                                                               2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


  Fixed assets                                                           223,651,366.93                                190,109,492.43

  Intangible assets                                                      121,950,394.79                                 47,390,999.75

  Total assets                                                           812,636,270.08                                680,020,833.95

  Liabilities:

  Borrowings

  Accounts payable                                                       238,261,261.20                                238,261,261.20

  Total liabilities                                                      356,478,661.90                                326,634,426.96

  Deferred tax liabilities

  Net assets                                                             456,157,608.18                                353,386,406.99

  Less: Minority shareholders’ equity

  Net assets acquired                                                    456,157,608.18                                353,386,406.99

    Method for determining the fair value of identifiable assets and liabilities: The fair value of identifiable assets and liabi lities

of Anguo Juyaotang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd is determined based on the assessed value.

    Contingent liabilities assumed from the acquiree in the business combination: None.

    Other explanations: None.


(4) Gains or losses arising from the remeasurement of equity held prior to the acquisition date at fair value


Is there any transaction that achieves business combination step by step through multiple transactions and allows for control
during the reporting period
□Yes RNo


(5) Relevant explanations for the inability to reasonably determine the merger consideration or the fair value of the
identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquiree on the acquisition date or at the end of the period


None.


(6) Other explanations


None.


2. Business combination under common control




                                                                                                                                    273
                                                                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


             (1) Business combinations under common control that occurred in the period: None.


             (2) Combination cost: None


             (3) Book value of assets and liabilities of the acquiree on the combination date: None.


             3. Reverse purchase: None.

             4. Disposal of subsidiaries

             Whether there were any transactions or events during the period in which control of subsidiaries was lost

             RYes No

                                                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB
                                                                                        Difference                                                                Method and
                                                                                       between the                                                                    main
                                                                                                                                     Fair value
                                                                                     disposal price                  Book value                                   assumptions
                                                                                                                                        of the                                      Amount of other
                                                                                      and the share                      of the                     Gains or           for
                                                                                                                                     remaining                                       comprehensive
                                                                                           of the      Proportion     remaining                       losses      determining
                                                                                                                                      equity at                                     income related to
              Disposal       Disposal      Disposal                    Basis for       subsidiary’s        of         equity on                      arising     the fair value
                                                        Time point                                                                       the                                               equity
             price at the   proportion     method at                  determining        net assets    remaining          the                       from the          of the
 Name of                                                   when                                                                     consolidate                                       investments in
               time of      at the time   the time of                 the point of   corresponding      equity on    consolidate                   remeasure       remaining
subsidiary                                               control is                                                                  d financial                                        subsidiaries
                losing       of losing      losing                       losing      to the disposal   the date of   d financial                   ment of the    equity at the
                                                           lost                                                                      statement                                         transferred to
               control        control       control                     control      investment, as      losing      statements                    remaining     consolidated
                                                                                                                                    level on the                                    investment profit
                                                                                      presented on       control      at the date                   equity at       financial
                                                                                                                                       date of                                           and loss or
                                                                                            the                        of losing                   fair value      statement
                                                                                                                                       losing                                       retained earnings
                                                                                      consolidated                      control                                   level on the
                                                                                                                                       control
                                                                                         financial                                                               date of losing
                                                                                        statements                                                                   control
Shanghai
Yunzhen
             2,100,000.0                  Transfer by   November
Outpatient                    100.00%                                                  -773,539.48
                       0                  agreement     30, 2025
Department
Co., Ltd.


             Other explanations: None.

             Whether there was a loss of control in the current period under a progressive disposal of investments in subsidiaries
             through multiple transactions

             Yes RNo

             5. Changes in the consolidation scope due to other reasons

             Describe the change in scope of consolidation for other reasons (e.g. Establishing new subsidiaries, liquidating

             subsidiaries, etc.) and its details:

                      Establishment of new subsidiaries

                      (1) Yunnan Baiyao Group invested in the establishment of Yunnan Baiyao Group Digital and Intelligent

                      Technology Co., Ltd, with a registered capital of RMB 11,152,469.81 and a 100% ownership. Yunnan

                      Baiyao included Yunnan Baiyao Group Digital and Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd into its consolidation

                      scope from May 2025.

                      (2) YNBY International Limited (“YNBY International”) invested in the establishment of PT YNBY

                      Healthcare Indonesia, with a total of 10,000 shares issued, each with a par value of 1 million Indonesian

                      rupiah, totaling 10 billion Indonesian rupiah (out of which YNBY International holds 9,900 shares, and

                                                                                                                                                                                  274
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



      BL Healthcare (Overseas) Limited holds 100 shares (1% equity)). Yunnan Baiyao included PT YNBY

      Healthcare Indonesia in its consolidation scope from January 2025.

      (3) Yunnan Baiyao Group TCM Resources Co., Ltd invested in the establishment of Yunnan Baiyao

      Group TCM Materials Development (Weishan) Co., Ltd, with a registered capital of RMB 20,000,000

      and a 100% ownership. Yunnan Baiyao included Yunnan Baiyao Group TCM Materials Development

      (Weishan) Co., Ltd into its consolidation scope from May 2025.

      Deregistration:

      (1) CICC Directional Asset Management - GF-CICC Qirui No. 1 was deregistered in December 2025.

      (2) Lieder Industrial Investment Co., Ltd was deregistered in September 2025.

      Acquisitions:

      Yunnan Baiyao Group TCM Resources Co., Ltd acquired Anguo Juyaotang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd in

 2025 and included it into its consolidation scope. Beijing Juyaotang Technology Co., Ltd and Time Travel

 (Guangzhou) Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Anguo Juyaotang

 Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, so Yunnan Baiyao included Beijing Juyaotang Technology Co., Ltd and Time Travel

 (Guangzhou) Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd into its consolidation scope in October 2025.

 6. Others: None.


 X. Interest in Other Entities

 1. Interest in subsidiaries
 (1) Composition of the Group
                                                                                                             Unit: RMB

                                          Main                                         Shareholding
    Name of             Registered                   Place of                           proportion          Acquisition
                                        business                  Business nature
   subsidiary            capital                   registration                                              method
                                        location                                     Direct     Indirect
Yunnan Baiyao
Group TCM                                                                                                  Set-up     or
                        16,400,000.00   Kunming    Kunming        Pharmaceutical    100.00%      0.00%
Resources Co.,                                                                                             investment
Ltd.
Yunnan Digital
and Intelligent                                                   Wholesale and
                                                                                                           Set-up     or
TCM Material            30,000,000.00   Kunming    Kunming        retail of daily   100.00%      0.00%
                                                                                                           investment
Development Co.,                                                  necessities
Ltd.
Yunnan Baiyao
Group Wuxi                                                                                                 Set-up     or
                        25,000,000.00   Wuxi       Wuxi           Pharmaceutical    100.00%      0.00%
Pharmaceutical                                                                                             investment
Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                      275
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Yunnan Baiyao
Group Dali                                                                                                Set-up     or
                       15,515,000.00    Dali       Dali        Pharmaceutical       100.00%      0.00%
Pharmaceutical                                                                                            investment
Co., Ltd.
                                                               Production and
Yunnan Baiyao
                                                               sales of health                            Set-up     or
Group Health           84,500,000.00    Kunming    Kunming                          100.00%      0.00%
                                                               and        daily                           investment
Products Co., Ltd.
                                                               chemicals
Yunnan                                                         Pharmaceutical
                                                                                                          Set-up     or
Pharmaceutical       1,000,000,000.00   Kunming    Kunming     wholesale   and      100.00%      0.00%
                                                                                                          investment
Co., Ltd.                                                      retail
                                                                                                          Business
Yunnan Institute                                                                                          combination
of Materia             54,080,000.00    Kunming    Kunming     New Drug R&D         100.00%      0.00%    under
Medica                                                                                                    common
                                                                                                          control
                                                                                                          Business
Yunnan Baiyao
                                                                                                          combination
Holding
                      100,000,000.00    Kunming    Kunming     Investment           100.00%      0.00%    under
Investment Co.,
                                                                                                          common
Ltd.
                                                                                                          control
                                                                                                          Business
                                                                                                          combination
Yunnan Baiyao
                       20,000,000.00    Kunming    Kunming     Tea                  100.00%      0.00%    under
Teayield Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                          common
                                                                                                          control
                                                               Import         and
Yunnan Baiyao
                                                               export agency,                             Set-up     or
Group (Hainan)         15,000,000.00    Hainan     Danya                            100.00%      0.00%
                                                               technical                                  investment
Co., Ltd.
                                                               services, etc.
Yunnan Baiyao
                                                               Technical                                  Set-up     or
Group Shanghai         15,000,000.00    Shanghai   Shanghai                         100.00%      0.00%
                                                               services                                   investment
Co., Ltd.
Yunnan Baiyao                                                                                             Business
                                                               Medical Device
Group Medical                                                                                             combination
                       25,970,800.00    Hefei      Hefei       Production and       100.00%      0.00%
Technology Hefei                                                                                          not under the
                                                               Sales
Co., Ltd.                                                                                                 same control
Shanghai
                                                               Technical
Yunzhen Medical                                                                                           Set-up     or
                          900,000.00    Shanghai   Shanghai    development and      100.00%      0.00%
Technology Co.,                                                                                           investment
                                                               service
Ltd.
                                                                                                          Business
YNBY
                                        Hong                                                              combination
International                                      Hong Kong   Trade                 25.11%     40.81%
                                        Kong                                                              not under the
Limited
                                                                                                          same control
Yunnan Baiyao
Tiancui Business                                                                                          Set-up     or
                         3,000,000.00   Kunming    Kunming     Catering             100.00%      0.00%
Management Co.,                                                                                           investment
Ltd.
Yunnan Baiyao                                                  Technology
                                                                                                          Set-up     or
Group Beijing          50,000,000.00    Beijing    Beijing     promotion            100.00%      0.00%
                                                                                                          investment
Co., Ltd.                                                      service
Yunhe                                                          Research     and
                                                                                                          Set-up     or
Pharmaceutical         20,000,000.00    Tianjin    Tianjin     experimental         100.00%      0.00%
                                                                                                          investment
(Tianjin) Co., Ltd                                             development
Yunnan Baiyao                                                                                             Business
                         5,000,000.00   Kunming    Kunming     Health               100.00%      0.00%
Group Health                                                                                              combination


                                                                                                                        276
                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Pharmacy Co.,                                                                                                         under      the
Ltd.                                                                                                                  same control
Yunnan Baiyao
Group Digital and
                                                                       Software and IT                                Set-up     or
Intelligent              11,152,470.00    Kunming      Kunming                                100.00%         0.00%
                                                                       services                                       investment
Technology Co.,
Ltd.
      Explanation of the inconsistency of the percentage of shares in subsidiaries with the proportion of voting rights: None.

      Basis for holding half or less of the voting rights but still controlling investees, and holding more than half of the voting
 rights but not controlling investees: None.

      Basis for controlling major structured entities consolidated into the financial statements:

      The structured entities included in the scope of consolidation of the Group include Shanghai Trust Platinum Series Hong
 Kong Market Investment Single Fund Trust. Because the Group has power over such structured entities, enjoys variable returns
 by participating in related activities, and is able to use its power over the investee to influence its variable returns, the Group
 has control over such structured entities.

      Basis for determining whether the Company is an agent or an entrustor: None.

      Other explanations: None.

 (2) Key non-wholly owned subsidiaries

                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB

                                                            Profit and loss        Dividends declared to       Balance of minority
                             Percentage of shares
                                                         attributable to non-          non-controlling         shareholders’ equity
    Name of subsidiary         held by minority
                                                        controlling interests      interests in the current      at the end of the
                                   interests
                                                        in the current period               period                    period
  YNBY International
                                              34.08%            1,627,714.89                                          -8,878,289.63
  Limited
      Explanation on the inconsistency of the percentage of shares held by minority shareholders in subsidiaries with the
 proportion of voting rights: None.

      Other explanations: On May 22, 2025, YNBY International Limited placed 800,000,000 shares, increasing the shareholding
 ratio of minority shareholders from 26.02% to 34.08%.




                                                                                                                                 277
                                                                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                (3) Main financial information of key non-wholly owned subsidiaries

                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB
                                                                Closing balance                                                                                                   Opening balance
   Name of
  subsidiary                           Non-current                           Current         Non-current                                               Non-current                                Current       Non-current
                  Current assets                        Total assets                                           Total liabilities   Current assets                          Total assets                                              Total liabilities
                                         assets                             liabilities       liabilities                                                assets                                  liabilities     liabilities
YNBY
International     523,888,159.10        10,489,436.18   534,377,595.28    207,416,955.49       3,628,959.12     211,045,914.61      328,272,842.86     12,491,866.59       340,764,709.45       94,092,251.84    5,957,177.35         100,049,429.19
Limited


                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB
                                                              Amount for the current period                                                                           Amount for the previous period
        Name of subsidiary            Operating                          Total comprehensive           Cash flows from                                                                    Total comprehensive      Cash flows from
                                                        Net Profit                                                                 Operating revenue            Net Profit
                                       revenue                                  income                operating activities                                                                       income           operating activities
        YNBY
        International              1,013,333,023.65     4,151,212.72               -1,584,596.88              -93,951,609.72          689,091,622.71                 16,683,866.18              20,363,500.62            33,115,847.31
        Limited
                Other explanations: None.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                               278
                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


(4) Major restrictions on the use of assets and settlement of debts of the corporate group

None.

(5) Financial support or other support provided for structured entity included in the scope of consolidation for the
consolidated financial statements

None.

Other explanations: None.

2. Transaction in which the share of owners’ equity in the subsidiary changes while control over the
  subsidiary remains unchanged

(1) Explanations on changes in the share of owners’ equity in the subsidiary

                                                                         Shareholding ratio before       Shareholding ratio after
        Name of subsidiary                   Time of change
                                                                                 change                         change

 YNBY International Limited                             May 2025                            73.68%                          65.92%

(2) Impact of the transaction on the minority shareholders’ equity and the owners’ equity attributable to the parent company

                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB



   Acquisition cost/disposal consideration

   --Cash

   --Fair value of non-cash assets

   Total of acquisition cost/disposal consideration
   Less: Share of net assets of subsidiaries calculated based on the
                                                                                                                      -37,009,868.76
   proportion of equity acquired/disposed
   Balance                                                                                                             37,009,868.76

   Including: Adjustment of capital reserves                                                                           37,009,868.76

              Adjustment of surplus reserve

             Adjustment of undistributed profits

Other explanations: None.

3. Interest in joint ventures or associates

(1) Important joint ventures or associates
                                                                                          Shareholding proportion   The accounting
    Name of joint        Main                                                                                          method for
     venture or         business         Place of registration         Business nature                              investments in
      associate         location                                                           Direct       Indirect     joint ventures
                                                                                                                      or associates
                                                                                                                    Equity
                                      No. 92
  Shanghai                                                                                                          method for
                                      Zhangjiang Road, China
  Pharmaceuticals                                                                                                   long-term
                       Shanghai       (Shanghai) Pilot Free            Pharmaceuticals   17.95%
  Holding Co., Ltd.                                                                                                 equity
                                      Trade Zone
                                                                                                                    investments



                                                                                                                                    279
                                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


    Explanation of the inconsistency of the percentage of shares in joint ventures or associates with the proportion of voting rights:
None.

    Basis for holding 20% or less voting rights but having important influence, or holding 20% or more voting rights but not having
important influence: None.
(2) Main financial information of important joint ventures: None.

(3) Main financial information of important associates

                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB

                                              Closing balance/Amount for the current      Opening balance/Amount for the previous
                                                              period                                      period

 Current assets                                                  180,463,695,237.78                           171,823,107,421.97
 Non-current assets                                                52,685,071,529.43                            49,386,322,726.20
 Total assets                                                    233,148,766,767.21                           221,209,430,148.17
 Current liabilities                                             135,198,106,270.50                           126,038,386,279.10
 Non-current liabilities                                            8,163,366,773.11                            11,428,680,148.00
 Total liabilities                                               143,361,473,043.61                           137,467,066,427.10
 Minority interests                                                13,895,965,899.43                            12,066,743,749.10
 Equity attributable to shareholders of the
                                                                   75,891,327,824.17                            71,675,619,971.97
 parent company
 Share of net assets based on percentage
                                                                   13,622,000,050.81                            12,866,662,562.66
 of shareholding
 Adjustment
 - Goodwill                                                           934,312,752.73                               934,411,132.40
 - Unrealized profit on internal
                                                                       -7,314,646.14                                -7,831,910.38
 transactions
 - Others                                                          -1,821,243,614.53                            -1,731,865,195.92
 Book value of equity investment in
                                                                   12,727,754,542.87                            12,061,376,588.76
 associates
 Fair value of equity investments in
 associates for which publicly quoted                              11,888,094,576.56                            13,978,162,716.00
 prices exist
 Operating revenue                                               283,579,600,562.98                           275,250,934,889.66
 Net profits                                                        6,973,717,681.49                             5,870,011,314.88
 Net profits from discontinued operations
 Other comprehensive income                                             7,600,140.48                               -62,617,948.59
 Total comprehensive income                                         6,981,317,821.97                             5,807,393,366.29
 Dividends received from associates
                                                                      193,031,770.84                               326,157,130.04
 during the year

 Other explanations: None.


(4) Combined financial information of insignificant joint ventures and associates
                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB

                                              Closing balance/Amount for the current          Opening balance/Amount for the
                                                              period                                 previous period

                                                                                                                                  280
                                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


    Associates:
    Total book value of investments                                        499,823,509.04                              499,899,492.59
    Total of the followings based on the
    percentage of shareholdings
    - Net profit                                                               -106,174.01                                    -318,336.97
    - Other comprehensive income                                                                                                  244.20
    - Total comprehensive income                                                                                              -318,092.77

       Other explanations: None.


  (5) Explanation on significant restrictions on the ability of joint ventures or associates to transfer funds to
  the Company

  None.

  (6) Excess loss generated from joint ventures or associates: None.
  (7) Unrecognized commitment related to investments in joint ventures: None.
  (8) Contingent liabilities related to investments in joint ventures or associates: None.

  4. Significant joint operation

      Explanations on the proportion of shareholding or entitlement differing from voting rights in joint operations: None.

      Basis for classification as a joint operation where the joint operation is a separate entity: None.

      Other explanations: None.

  5. Interest in structured entities not included in the scope of consolidated financial statements

      Relevant explanation on structured entities not included in the consolidated financial statements: None.

  6. Others: None.

  XI. Government Grants

  1. Government grants recognized at the end of the reporting period based on amounts receivable

       □Applicable    RNot applicable
       Reasons for not receiving the estimated amount of government grants at the expected time point
       □Applicable    RNot applicable


  2. Liabilities involving government grants

       ☑Applicable Not applicable
                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

                                                      Amount
                                                      included         Amount
                                   Amount of
                                                       in non-      transferred to      Other changes
Accounting         Opening        new subsidies                                                             Closing         Related to
                                                     operating      other income        in the current
   item            balance        in the current                                                            balance       assets/income
                                                       revenue      in the current          period
                                      period
                                                     during the         period
                                                        period


                                                                                                                                        281
                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Deferred                                                                                                             Related        to
                133,786,181.20    54,284,600.00                 46,962,820.50      21,594,143.90    119,513,816.80
income                                                                                                               income
Deferred                                                                                                             Related        to
                161,707,384.12     4,770,000.00                 12,478,832.23       1,742,556.10    152,255,995.79
income                                                                                                               assets


  3. Government grants included in profit or loss for the current period

  ☑Applicable           Not applicable
                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB

                    Accounting item                    Amount for the current period               Amount for the previous period
      Other income                                                         96,333,463.99                                84,203,749.10

    Other explanations: None.


  XII. Risks Associated with Financial Instruments

  (I) Risks incurred by financial instruments
           The risk management objective of the Company is to get a balance between risk and return, minimize the
  negative impact of risk on business results of the Company, and maximize the interest of shareholders and other
  equity investors. Based on this risk management objective, the basic risk management strategy of the Company is
  to identify and analyze various risks faced by the Company, establish an appropriate risk tolerance bottom line and
  conduct risk management, and supervise various risks in a timely and reliable manner to control risks within a
  limited range.

           The Company faces various risks related to financial instruments in its daily activities, primarily including
  credit risk, liquidity risk, and market risk. The management has reviewed and approved policies for managing these
  risks, which are summarized as follows.
           (i) Credit risk
           Credit risk refers to the risk that one party to a financial instrument fails to fulfill its obligations, resulting in
  financial losses to the other party.
           1. Credit risk management practices
           (1) Evaluation of credit risk
           The Company assesses whether the credit risk of relevant financial instruments has significantly increased
  since initial recognition on each balance sheet date. In whether the credit risk has significantly increased since initial
  recognition, the Company considers obtaining reasonable and well-founded information without incurring
  unnecessary additional costs or efforts, including qualitative and quantitative analysis based on historical data,
  external credit risk ratings, and forward-looking information. The Company compares the risk of default on financial
  instruments on the balance sheet date with the risk of default on the initial recognition date, based on individual
  financial instruments or portfolios of financial instruments with similar credit risk characteristics, to determine the
  changes in default risk over the expected life of the financial instruments.
           When one or more of the following quantitative and qualitative criteria are triggered, the Company deems that
  the credit risk of financial instruments has significantly increased:


                                                                                                                                    282
                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


     1) The primary quantitative criterion is that the probability of default during the remaining duration as of the
balance sheet date has increased by more than a certain percentage compared to the initial recognition;
     2) The qualitative criteria primarily include significant adverse changes in the debtor’s operational or financial
status, as well as existing or anticipated shifts in the technological, market, economic, or legal environment that are
expected to have a material adverse impact on the debtor’s repayment capacity to the Company.
     (2) Definition of default and credit impaired assets
     When a financial instrument meets one or more of the following conditions, the Company defines the financial
asset as having defaulted, and its criteria are consistent with the definition of credit impairment:
     1) The debtor encounters significant financial difficulties;
     2) The debtor violates the restrictive clauses imposed on the debtor in the contract;
     3) The debtor is likely to go bankrupt or undergo other financial restructuring; and
     4) The creditor, due to economic or contractual considerations related to the debtor’s financial difficulties,
grants concessions that the debtor would not otherwise make.
     2. Measurement of expected credit losses
     The key parameters for measuring expected credit losses include probability of default, loss given default, and
exposure at default. The Company takes into account quantitative analysis of historical statistical data (such as
counterparty ratings, types of guarantees and collateral, repayment methods, etc.) and forward-looking information
to establish models for probability of default, loss given default, and exposure at default.
     3. For the detailed reconciliation statement of the beginning and ending balances of provisions for losses on
financial instruments, please refer to “Section VIII Financial Statements VII. Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statement Items 3. Bills Receivable; 4. Accounts Receivable; 5. Receivables Financing; 6. Other Receivables; 9.
Non-current Assets Due Within One Year; 10. Other Current Assets; 23. Other Non-current Assets.”
     4. Credit risk exposure and credit risk concentration
     The credit risk of the Company primarily arises from monetary funds and receivables. To mitigate the
aforementioned risks, we have implemented the following measures.
     (1) Monetary funds
     The Company deposits its bank deposits and other monetary funds with financial institutions of high credit
ratings, thus its credit risk is relatively low.
     (2) Accounts receivable and contract assets
     The Company continuously conducts credit assessments on customers who engage in transactions using credit
methods. Based on the results of these assessments, the Company chooses to conduct transactions with approved
customers who have good credit, and monitor their accounts receivable balances, to make sure that it does not face
significant bad debt risks.
     Due to the distribution of the Company’s accounts receivable risk points across multiple partners and customers,
as of December 31, 2025, 16.98% (December 31, 2024: 21.17%) of its accounts receivable originated from the top
five customers by balance. The Company does not have significant credit concentration risk.
     The maximum credit risk exposure borne by the Company is the carrying amount of each financial asset in the
balance sheet.


                                                                                                                     283
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


     (ii) Liquidity risk
     Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will run short of funds to meet its obligations settled by delivering
cash or other financial assets. Liquidity risk may arise from the inability to sell financial assets at fair value as soon
as possible; or from the counterparty’s inability to repay its contractual debts; or from early maturity of debts; or
from the inability to generate expected cash flows.
     To control this risk, the Company comprehensively utilizes various financing methods such as bill settlement
and bank loans, and adopts a method of appropriately combining long-term and short-term financing to optimize
the financing structure, maintaining a balance between financing continuity and flexibility. The Company has
obtained bank credit lines from multiple commercial banks to meet its working capital needs and capital
expenditures.




                                                                                                                      284
                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

                                                                                 Financial liabilities classified by their remaining maturity


                                                          Closing balance                                                                                      Closing balance of the previous year
     Items
                                        Undiscounted                                                                                                     Undiscounted
                      Book value                             Within one year       1-3 years            More than 3 years             Book value                               Within one year         1-3 years       More than 3 years
                                       contract amount                                                                                                  contract amount
  Short-term
                      182,775,753.21     186,182,419.88        186,182,419.88                                                          423,380,272.64     423,460,272.64         423,460,272.64
 borrowings

Notes payable       1,846,714,475.61   1,846,714,475.61       1,846,714,475.61                                                       1,913,702,684.41   1,913,702,684.41         1,913,702,684.41

  Accounts
                    5,523,021,856.86   5,523,021,856.86       5,523,021,856.86                                                       4,758,352,403.87   4,758,352,403.87         4,758,352,403.87
   payable

Other payables      1,461,459,334.99   1,461,459,334.99       1,461,459,334.99                                                       1,386,632,676.75   1,386,632,676.75         1,386,632,676.75

Lease liabilities
(including those
                      217,873,760.71     217,873,760.71         76,043,381.53    103,824,679.18             38,005,700.00            279,093,065.97       279,093,065.97            88,436,075.74     112,651,290.23     78,005,700.00
maturing within
   one year)
  Long-term
  borrowings
(including those      86,969,730.83       91,623,211.37           3,849,534.79         803,945.75           86,969,730.83              2,100,000.00         2,100,000.00                                                   2,100,000.00
maturing within
   one year)

   Subtotal         9,318,814,912.21   9,326,875,059.42       9,097,271,003.66   104,628,624.93             124,975,430.83         8,763,261,103.64     8,763,341,103.64       8,570,584,113.41       112,651,290.23     80,105,700.00




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     285
                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


     (iii) Market risk
     Market risk refers to the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument or future cash flows fluctuate
due to changes in market prices. Market risk primarily includes interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk.
     1. Interest rate risk
     Interest rate risk refers to the risk of fluctuations in the fair value of financial instruments or future cash
flows due to changes in market interest rates. Fixed-rate interest-bearing financial instruments expose the
Company to fair value interest rate risk, while floating-rate interest-bearing financial instruments expose the
Company to cash flow interest rate risk. The Company determines the proportion of fixed-rate and floating-
rate financial instruments based on market conditions and maintains an appropriate portfolio of financial
instruments through regular review and monitoring. The cash flow interest rate risk faced by the Company is
primarily related to the Company’s bank loans with floating interest rates.
     As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s bank loans with floating interest rates amounted to RMB
234,800,000.00 (as of December 31, 2024: RMB 404,233,333.39). Assuming that other variables remain
unchanged, a 50 basis point change in interest rates would not have a significant impact on the Company’s
total profit and shareholders’ equity.
     2. Foreign exchange risk
     Foreign exchange risk refers to the risk of fluctuations in the fair value of financial instruments or future
cash flows due to changes in foreign exchange rates. The Company’s exposure to exchange rate fluctuations
is primarily related to its foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities. The Company primarily operates in
mainland China, and its main activities are denominated in Renminbi. Therefore, the Company’s exposure to
market risk from foreign exchange fluctuations is not significant.
     For details of the Company’s foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities at the end of the period,
please refer to “Section VIII Financial Statements VII. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 66.
Foreign Currency Monetary Items.”


(II) Hedging

(1) The Company carried out hedging business for risk management

 Applicable                 RNot applicable


(2) The Company conducted eligible hedging business and applied hedging accounting: None.

(3) The Company carried out hedging business for risk management, which is expected to achieve risk
management target, but did not apply hedging accounting

 Applicable                 RNot applicable

3. Financial assets

(1) Classification by type of transfer

 RApplicable                 Not applicable


                                                                                                                       286
                                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB
                                 Nature of transferred         Amount of transferred         Derecognized or           Basis for determining
   Transfer method
                                    financial assets             financial assets                  not                       derecognition
Bill                         Bills receivable/receivables                                                          All its risks and rewards have
                                                                    6,429,789,790.99        Derecognized
discount/endorsement         financing                                                                             been transferred
Accounts        receivable                                                                                         All its risks and rewards have
                             Accounts receivable                      458,903,513.09        Derecognized
factoring                                                                                                          been transferred
Accounts        receivable                                                                  Not                    All its risks and rewards
                             Accounts receivable                           12,541,236.47
factoring                                                                                   derecognized           remain
            Total                                                   6,901,234,540.55


   (2) Derecognition of financial assets due to transfer

    RApplicable                  Not applicable
                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB
                                         Way of transferring                Amount of financial assets             Gains or losses related to
                    Items
                                          financial assets                      derecognized                            derecognition
     Receivables financing          Endorsement/discount                               6,060,630,626.83                          -17,215,991.15

     Notes receivable               Endorsement/discount                                   369,159,164.16                            -2,771,706.78

     Accounts receivable            Factoring                                              458,903,513.09                            -3,805,049.32

                     Total                                                             6,888,693,304.08                          -23,792,747.25


   (3) Financial assets involved in continued assets transfer

    RApplicable                  Not applicable
                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                   Amount of liabilities formed
                                                                   Amount of assets formed through
                    Items          Asset transfer method                                                              through continued
                                                                      continued involvement
                                                                                                                         involvement
     Accounts receivable          Factoring                                                    12,541,236.47

     Short-term borrowings        Factoring                                                                                          12,541,236.47

                    Total                                                                      12,541,236.47                         12,541,236.47

    Other explanations: None.


  XIII. Disclosure of Fair Value

  1. Final fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value
                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB

                                                                               Closing fair value
              Item                Level I fair value           Level II fair value          Level III fair value                Total
                                   measurement                   measurement                  measurement
    I. Continuous fair                  --                            --                            --                          --
    value measurement
     (I) Financial assets
                                                                4,187,513,408.43                    4,600,000.00            4,192,113,408.43
    held for trading
    1. Financial assets
                                                                4,187,513,408.43                    4,600,000.00            4,192,113,408.43
    measured at fair value

                                                                                                                                                287
                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


 with changes
 recognized in current
 profit and loss
  (1) Others                                      4,187,513,408.43             4,600,000.00         4,192,113,408.43
  (II) Accounts
                                                                           1,230,423,455.01         1,230,423,455.01
 receivable financing
  (1) Notes receivable                                                     1,230,423,455.01         1,230,423,455.01
 (III) Investment in
 other equity                                                                 71,745,000.00            71,745,000.00
 instruments
   (IV) Other non-
                                                                             210,855,260.47           210,855,260.47
 current financial assets
  (V) Investment in
                                                                             210,855,260.47           210,855,260.47
 equity instruments

 (VI) Total assets at
 continuous fair value                            4,187,513,408.43         1,517,623,715.48         5,705,137,123.91
 measurement
2. Determination basis of the market price of the item measured using level I fair value measurement
continuously and non-continuously
     The trading financial assets held by the Company that are measured at fair value at the first level are stocks
traded in the active market. The Company determines their fair value based on the closing price of the open market
on the balance sheet date.
3. Valuation techniques and qualitative and quantitative information on important parameters adopted for
items subject to level II continuous and noncontinuous fair value measurement
     The trading financial assets held by the Company, which are measured at fair value at the second level, consist
of bank and brokerage financial products. The Company determines their fair value based on the net value of each
financial product at the end of the period.
4. Valuation techniques and qualitative and quantitative information on important parameters adopted for
items subject to level III continuous and noncontinuous fair value measurement
     The other non-current financial assets held by the Company that are measured at fair value at the third are
equity investments in unlisted companies. The Company obtains the annual audit reports of the invested enterprises,
considers their operating environment, operational status, and financial condition, and determines the fair value at
the end of the period based on the Company’s net assets at the end of the period.
5. The reconciliation information between opening and closing book values and unobservable parameter
sensitivity analysis for the items subject to level III continuous fair value measurement
  None.
6. For the items subject to continuous fair value measurement, if there is a conversion between all levels in
the current period, the reason for the conversion and the policy for determining the time point of the
conversion
  None.
7. Changes in the valuation technology and the reason for the changes in the current period
   None.
8. Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value


                                                                                                                    288
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


  The financial assets and financial liabilities of the Company that are not measured at fair value mainly include:
monetary funds, notes receivable, accounts receivable, other receivables, short-term borrowings, accounts payable,
other payables, long-term borrowings, lease liabilities, long-term payables, etc. The difference between their book
value and fair value is relatively small.

9. Others

  None.


XIV. Related Parties and Related Party Transactions

1. Information about the parent company of the Company

    Explanations on the parent company of the Company: None.

    Ultimate controller of the Company: None.

    Other explanations:

     The proposal of merger and overall listing of Yunnan Baiyao Group and Baiyao Holdings by issuing shares
had been considered and approved at the First Extraordinary General Meeting of Yunnan Baiyao for 2019. On April
24, 2019, CSRC issued the Approval on the Proposal of Merger and Overall Listing of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co.,
Ltd and Yunnan Baiyao Holdings Co., Ltd (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2019] No. 770). Prior to the completion of the above-
mentioned merger and overall listing, the controlling shareholder of the Company was Baiyao Holdings, and there
was no de facto controller. After the completion of the transaction, SASAC of Yunnan Province and New Huadu
with its acting-in-concert parties, were equally the largest shareholder of the Company, and neither of them obtained
the control over the listed company. SASAC of Yunnan Province, along with New Huadu and its acting-in-concert
parties, had made long-term share lock-up commitments. Therefore, the listed company did not have de facto
controller before and after the transaction.
     On May 22, 2020, SASAC of Yunnan Province transferred 321,160,222 shares of the Company held by it to
its wholly-owned subsidiary State-owned Equity Management Company at nil consideration. After the completion of
the transfer, State-owned Equity Operation and Management Company and New Huadu with its acting-in-concert
parties, were equally the largest shareholder of the Company, and there was no change in the Company’s situation
of not having a de facto controller or controlling shareholder.
     On December 8, 2021, SASAC of Yunnan Province transferred 100% of the shares held by State-owned Equity
Operation and Management Company to Yunnan Investment Group Co., Ltd. After the equity transfer, Yunnan
Investment Group Co., Ltd would hold 321,160,222 shares of the Company through State-owned Equity Operation
and Management Company, accounting for 25.04% of the total share capital of the Company. State-owned Equity
Operation and Management Company and New Huadu with its acting-in-concert parties, were equally the largest
shareholder of the Company, and the situation that the Company has no de facto controller and no controlling
shareholder remain unchanged.
     On August 8, 2024, the Company disclosed the Announcement on Increase in Shareholdings of the Company
by Shareholders of 5% or More and the Subsequent Shareholding Increase Plan. The Company’s largest


                                                                                                                   289
                                                                           2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


shareholder, the State-owned Equity Management Company, increased its holdings of the Company by 17,485,863
shares through the Shenzhen Stock Exchange’s centralized bidding system on August 6, 2024. As of December 31,
2024, the State-owned Equity Management Company held 467,110,174 shares of the Company, accounting for
26.18% of the Company’s total shares. The State-owned Equity Management Company remains the largest
shareholder, and the Company continues to have no de facto controller and no controlling shareholder.

2. Information about subsidiaries of the Company
For details of subsidiaries of the Company, please refer to Section 1 “Interest in Subsidiaries” under Note X.

3. Information about joint ventures and associates of the Company
For details of important joint ventures or associates of the Company, please refer to Note X3 (1) Important Joint Ventures or
Associates.
Details of joint ventures or associates with related party transactions for the period and balances resulting from related party
transactions in the previous period are as follows:

              Name of joint ventures or associates                                Relationship with the Company
 Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding Co., Ltd.                       Associate
 Lijiang Changgengming Trading Co., Ltd.                          Associate
    Other explanations: None.


4. Information about other related parties

                    Name of other related parties                    Relationship between other related parties and the Company
    Yunnan State-owned Equity Operation Management Co.,
                                                                     Substantial shareholder of the Company
    Ltd.
    New Huadu Industrial Group Co., Ltd.                             Substantial shareholder of the Company
    Yunnan Hehe (Group) Co., Ltd.                                    Substantial shareholder of the Company
    State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
    Commission of Yunnan Provincial People’s Government              Former substantial shareholder of the Company

    Jiangsu Yuyue Science & Technology Development Co., Ltd
                                                                     Former substantial shareholder of the Company
    and its subsidiaries
    Yunnan Gongtou TCM Materials and Decoction Pieces                Companies where the Company’s directors served during the
    Industry Development Co., Ltd. [Note 1]                          past twelve months
    MB Packaging Limited [Note 2]                                    Sub-subsidiary of former substantial shareholder
    Kunming Yusi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. [Note 3]                   Sub-subsidiary of former substantial shareholder
                                                                     Equity investment company of the subsidiary of the
    Shanghai Skynet Brand Management Crop., Ltd.                     substantial shareholder
                                                                     Investee company of a minority shareholder of the sub-
     Yunnan Drug Technology Development Operation Co., Ltd.
                                                                     subsidiary
     YEIG Property Services Co., Ltd.                                Sub-subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
     Teh-Ho Canned Food Company and its subsidiaries                 Subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
    Yunnan Salt Wenshan Co., Ltd.                                    Sub-subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
    Tibet Juliang E-commerce Co., Ltd.                               Sub-subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
    Sino-Platinum Functional Materials (Yunnan) Co., Ltd.            Sub-subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
    Yunnan Salt Rixin Co., Ltd.                                      Sub-subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
    Yunnan    Energy-Saving     Technology   Development    and      Sub-subsidiary of the substantial shareholder


                                                                                                                              290
                                                                               2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


   Operation Co., Ltd.

     Yunnan Salt Industry Dianzhong Co., Ltd.                            Sub-subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
     Tibet Jiushi Zhihe Marketing Co., Ltd.                              Subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
     Yunnan Salt Industry Dianxibei Co., Ltd.                            Sub-subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
     Tibet Jiujia E-Commerce Co., Ltd.                                   Subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
     Yunnan Medical Investment Management Group Kunming
                                                                         Sub-subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
     Technology Co., Ltd.
     Sino-Platinum Chemical Materials (Yunnan) Co., Ltd.                 Sub-subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
     Jiuai Zhihe (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd.                          Subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
     Yunnan Labor Force Center Market Co., Ltd.                          Sub-subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
     Sino-Platinum Metals New Materials Holding Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                         Subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
   [Note 4]
     Yunnan Hongta Bank Co., Ltd.                                        Subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
     Kunming Sino-Platinum New Materials Technology Co., Ltd.            Sub-subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
     YEIG Power Assembly Park Development Co., Ltd.                      Sub-subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
     Yunnan Kunhua Hospital Investment Management Co., Ltd.              Sub-subsidiary of the substantial shareholder
                                                                         Minority shareholder that has significant influence on the
     Yunnan Jingxing Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                         subsidiary
                                                                         Minority shareholder that has significant influence on the
     Yunnan Jianshui County Xingda Medicine Co., Ltd.
                                                                         subsidiary
                                                                         Minority shareholder that has significant influence on the
     Yunnan Tianma Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                                                                         subsidiary
                                                                         Minority shareholder that has significant influence on the
     Kaiyuan Sanfa Pharmaceutical Trade Co., Ltd.
                                                                         subsidiary
                                                                         Minority shareholder that has significant influence on the
     Qiubei County Wanhe Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                                                                         subsidiary
                                                                         Former minority shareholder that has significant influence on
     Yunnan Baoshan Medicine Co., Ltd. [Note 5]
                                                                         the subsidiary
     Ma Xinhong                                                          Senior management of the sub-subsidiary
     Ma Zhanjiang                                                        Senior management of the sub-subsidiary
     Shi Guang                                                      Senior management of the sub-subsidiary
Other explanations:
[Note 1] No longer a company where the Company’s director served as of June 2024.
[Note 2] Its former controlling shareholder, Yunnan Energy Research Institute Co., Ltd (a subsidiary of Yunnan Investment Holdings
Co., Ltd), was reduced to the third largest shareholder on February 14, 2025, and no longer has control over it.
[Note 3] Formerly a wholly-owned subsidiary of Yunnan Ran’er Chemical Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of Yunnan Investment Holdings
Group Co., Ltd), and ceased to be a subsidiary of Yunnan Ran’er Chemical Co., Ltd as of October 18, 2024.
[Note 4] Formerly known as Guiyan Platinum Industry Co., Ltd, renamed to Sino-Platinum Metals New Materials Holding Group Co.,
Ltd in December 2023.
[Note 5] No longer a minority shareholder with significant influence over the subsidiary as of July 2024.

5. Related party transactions

(1) Related party transactions on purchase and sales of goods and rendering and receiving of services

  Information of commodities purchased/labor services accepted

                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB
                                                        Amount for                                      Whether             Amount for
                                Contents of related                             Approved
      Related Party                                     the current                                   exceeding the         the previous
                                 party transaction                          transaction limit
                                                          period                                    transaction limit          period


                                                                                                                                     291
                                                                                       2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Shanghai Pharmaceuticals
Holding Co., Ltd and its              Purchase of goods      673,226,493.06           1,200,000,000.00                                 728,349,788.25
subsidiaries                          and services
Jiangsu Yuyue Science &
Technology Development
                                      Purchase of goods                                                                                 23,819,450.91
Co., Ltd and its
subsidiaries
Yunnan Gongtou TCM
Materials and Decoction
Pieces Industry Development            Purchase of goods       9,125,038.53                                                              4,004,620.45
Co., Ltd.
Yunnan State-owned Equity
Operation Management Co.,             Purchase of services     6,493,230.45                                                              1,469,355.33
Ltd.

MB Packaging Limited                   Purchase of goods       4,159,034.19                                                              4,544,493.47
Yunnan Jingxing
Pharmaceutical Group Co.,              Purchase of goods       2,423,517.26                                                              1,098,494.12
Ltd.
Kunming Yusi
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.               Purchase of goods       1,727,331.60                                                                545,939.23

Shanghai Skynet Brand
Management Crop., Ltd.                 Purchase of goods       1,091,131.50                                                                498,819.05
Yunnan Drug Technology
Development Operation                  Purchase of goods        797,947.56                                                                 200,352.21
Co., Ltd.
YEIG Property Services Co.,
Ltd.                                  Purchase of services      733,427.10                                                               1,049,364.96

Teh-Ho Canned Food                   Purchase of goods and
Company and its subsidiaries                                    205,190.98                                                                 578,624.26
                                           services

Yunnan Salt Wenshan Co., Ltd.          Purchase of goods          73,805.31                                                                 27,079.65

Tibet Juliang E-Commerce Co.,
                                       Purchase of goods          68,632.56
Ltd.
Sino-Platinum Functional
                                       Purchase of goods          52,223.10
Materials (Yunnan) Co., Ltd.

Yunnan Salt Rixin Co., Ltd.            Purchase of goods          47,509.43                                                                -29,996.79

Yunnan Energy-Saving
Technology Development and            Purchase of services        45,283.02
Operation Co., Ltd.
Yunnan Salt Industry
                                       Purchase of goods          21,000.00
Dianzhong Co., Ltd.
Tibet Jiushi Zhihe Marketing
Co., Ltd.                              Purchase of goods           1,716.10

Yunnan Salt Industry Dianxibei
                                       Purchase of goods           1,345.13
Co., Ltd.
Tibet Jiujia E-Commerce Co.,
                                       Purchase of goods           1,164.60
Ltd.

 Information of commodities sold/labor services provided

                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

                                                                Contents of related        Amount for the current         Amount for the previous
                               Related Party
                                                                 party transaction               period                          period
       Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding Co., Ltd and its
                                                                 Sale of goods                           490,334,797.05            474,122,601.09
       subsidiaries
       Tibet Jiushi Zhihe Marketing Co., Ltd.                    Sale of goods                           289,280,779.63            267,190,270.17

       Yunnan Provincial Pharmaceutical Technology
                                                                 Sale of goods                            14,700,193.68             12,013,360.11
       Development and Operation Co., Ltd.

       Yunnan Jingxing Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.            Sale of goods                             4,779,772.58             16,068,315.55


                                                                                                                                             292
                                                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


    Yunnan Gongtou TCM Materials and Decoction Pieces
                                                            Sale of goods                      935,779.82
    Industry Development Co., Ltd.

    Yunnan Baoshan Medicine Co., Ltd.                       Sale of goods                      717,987.08                582,396.79

                                                            Rendering of
    Sino-Platinum Chemical Materials (Yunnan) Co., Ltd.                                        471,698.11                     4,300.00
                                                            services
    Tibet Juliang E-Commerce Co., Ltd.                      Sale of goods                      194,490.79                104,934.51

    Yunnan Salt Rixin Co., Ltd.                             Sale of goods                       73,585.15                    52,762.79

    Jiuai Zhihe (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd.              Sale of goods                       32,526.55                    70,894.16

   Yunnan Labor Force Center Market Co., Ltd.               Sale of goods                        7,978.76

   YEIG Power Assembly Park Development Co., Ltd.           Sale of goods                         242.74

    Sino-Platinum Metals New Materials Holding Group Co.,
                                                            Sale of goods                                                      236.02
  Ltd.

    Yunnan Hongta Bank Co., Ltd.                            Sale of goods                                                     5,852.48

    Lijiang Changgengming Trading Co., Ltd.                 Sale of goods                                                257,609.51

    Kunming Sino-Platinum New Materials Technology           Rendering of
                                                                                                                              6,000.00
    Co., Ltd.                                                  services
    Jiangsu Yuyue Science & Technology Development
    Co., Ltd and its                                         Sale of goods                                                   23,805.00
    subsidiaries

  Explanations on related party transactions on purchase and sales of goods and rendering and receiving of services: None.


(2) Trusteeship/contracting and entrusted management/outsourcing: None.


(3) Leasing between related parties

    The Company as the lessor: None.




                                                                                                                                  293
                                                                                                                                            2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
      The Company as the lessee:

                                                                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB

                                                                             Variable lease
                                                Rental costs for short-
                                                                          payments that are not
                                              term leases and leases of
                                                                             included in the                                             Interest expense on lease
                                              low-value assets that are                                      Rent paid                                                   Increased right-to-use assets
                                                                           measurement of the                                               liabilities assumed
                                                   streamlined (if
                          Types of leased                                   lease liability (if
   Name of lessor                                    applicable)
                              assets                                           applicable)
                                              Amount                      Amount      Amount
                                                          Amount for                                                                    Amount for     Amount for
                                              for the                     for the      for the    Amount for the   Amount for the                                     Amount for the     Amount for the
                                                          the previous                                                                  the current    the previous
                                              current                     current     previous    current period   previous period                                    current period     previous period
                                                             period                                                                       period          period
                                              period                      period       period
YEIG Power
Assembly Park           House                                                                       1,518,229.50         1,364,087.62   124,379.33      178,898.07                          7,545,479.15
Development Co., Ltd.
Yunnan Jianshui
County Xingda           House                                                                       1,711,216.50         1,629,730.00   195,042.53      176,599.56
Medicine Co., Ltd.
                        House,
Yunnan Baoshan
                        equipment,                                                                                       3,758,075.00     33,292.27      73,844.23      1,776,596.76
Medicine Co., Ltd.
                        vehicle
Yunnan Tianma
Pharmaceutical Co.,     House                                                                       1,587,691.20         1,841,918.53     50,017.40      36,476.85      2,869,398.04        2,857,171.88
Ltd.
Yunnan Jingxing
Pharmaceutical Group                                                                                                                                     21,069.80                          3,447,933.32
Co., Ltd.
Kaiyuan Sanfa
                        Equipment and
Pharmaceutical Trade                                                                                  496,991.15
                        vehicle
Co., Ltd.
      Explanations on leasing between related parties: None.




                                                                                                                                                                                               294
                                                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



(4) Related party guarantees: None.

(5) Borrowings with related parties

        Related Party             Borrowing amount           Commencement date                 Due date                    Description

   Loans

   Ma Zhanjiang                         42,410,000.00            January 4, 2025            October 30, 2025       Repaid

   Shi Guang                            10,000,000.00          January 22, 2025             October 9, 2025        Repaid

Note: The amounts lent out for the current period increased due to business combinations under non-common control in October 2025.
(6) Asset transfer and debt restructuring of related parties: None.
(7) Remuneration to key management personnel
                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

                          Item                              Amount for the current period                 Amount for the previous period
   Remuneration to key management
                                                                              24,973,671.43                                   33,776,976.72
   personnel

(8) Other related party transactions: None.
6. Amounts receivable from and payable to related parties
(1) Receivables
                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB

                                                                           Closing balance                      Opening balance
     Item name                      Related Party                                      Provision for                         Provision for
                                                                    Book balance                          Book balance
                                                                                         bad debt                              bad debt
  Accounts              Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding
                                                                    15,165,860.65        758,293.03        18,347,243.79        915,508.67
  receivable            Co., Ltd and its subsidiaries
  Accounts              Lijiang Changgengming Trading Co.,
                                                                     2,849,942.43      2,302,794.52         2,849,942.43      1,291,749.42
  receivable            Ltd.
  Accounts              Yunnan Jingxing Pharmaceutical
                                                                       384,707.89         18,877.75         4,827,582.65        241,379.13
  receivable            Group Co., Ltd.
  Accounts              Yunnan Drug Technology
                                                                       100,454.55           5,022.73        3,456,930.86        172,846.54
  receivable            Development Operation Co., Ltd.
  Accounts
                        MB Packaging Limited                                                                    4,050.00          1,215.00
  receivable
  Accounts
                        Yunnan Baoshan Medicine Co., Ltd.                                                       8,331.65            416.58
  receivable
                        Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding
  Notes receivable                                                   8,377,326.34
                        Co., Ltd and its subsidiaries
  Accounts
                        Tibet Jiushi Zhihe Marketing Co.,
  receivable                                                                                                8,102,835.34
                        Ltd.
  financing
  Dividends             Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding
                                                                    79,875,215.52
  receivable            Co., Ltd.
  Accounts              Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding
                                                                        17,046.50                               9,757.13
  receivable            Co., Ltd and its subsidiaries
                        Yunnan        Medical       Investment
  Accounts
                        Management         Group      Kunming           28,871.00                               4,145.40
  receivable
                        Technology Co., Ltd.
  Accounts              Qiubei County Wanhe
                                                                        72,206.41                              72,206.41
  receivable            Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                         295
                                                                                     2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


 Accounts                  Yunnan Salt Industry Dianzhong Co.,
                                                                              3,500.00
 receivable                Ltd.
                           Jiangsu Yuyue Science & Technology
 Accounts
                           Development Co., Ltd and its                                                         117,455.24
 receivable
                           subsidiaries
 Other                     Yunnan Kunhua Hospital Investment
                                                                         200,000.00         60,000.00           200,000.00        100,000.00
 receivables               Management Co., Ltd.


(2) Payables
                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB

                                                                                            Book balance at the end     Book balance at the
            Item name                                   Related Party
                                                                                                of the period          beginning of the period
                                     Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding Co., Ltd and its
 Accounts payable                                                                                    71,609,299.66              86,515,415.13
                                     subsidiaries

 Accounts payable                    MB Packaging Limited                                                862,711.03              1,731,652.43

                                     Jiangsu Yuyue Science & Technology Development
 Accounts payable                                                                                                                  530,062.48
                                     Co., Ltd and its subsidiaries

 Accounts payable                    Kunming Yusi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                         195,914.10

                                     Yunnan Drug Technology Development Operation
 Accounts payable                                                                                         92,915.38                216,491.97
                                     Co., Ltd.
 Accounts payable                    Yunnan Salt Industry Wenshan Co., Ltd.                               23,362.83

 Accounts payable                    Yunnan Salt Rixin Co., Ltd.                                            8,403.60                  8,403.60

 Accounts payable                    Yunnan Jingxing Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.                         7,152.62                43,245.62

 Accounts payable                    Teh-Ho Canned Food Company                                             5,655.00                46,990.36

 Accounts payable                    Shanghai Skynet Brand Management Crop., Ltd.                           3,300.00                39,911.51

                                     Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding Co., Ltd and its
 Notes payable                                                                                          1,101,228.80             1,050,654.60
                                     subsidiaries
                                     Jiangsu Yuyue Science & Technology Development
 Notes payable                                                                                                                   8,977,012.28
                                     Co., Ltd and its subsidiaries

 Contractual liabilities             Tibet Jiushi Zhihe Marketing Co., Ltd.                          17,545,544.65               2,172,816.79

                                     Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding Co., Ltd and its
 Contractual liabilities                                                                             11,316,812.74              27,079,192.76
                                     subsidiaries

 Contractual liabilities             Yunnan Tianma Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                               13,125.96

 Contractual liabilities             Yunnan Baoshan Medicine Co., Ltd.                                                             548,382.19

 Other payables                      Yunnan Labor Force Center Market Co., Ltd.                           94,981.90

                                     Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding Co., Ltd and its
 Other payables                                                                                          317,419.54
                                     subsidiaries

 Other payables                      Yunnan Salt Rixin Co., Ltd.                                            5,000.00

                                     Yunnan Medical Investment Management Group
 Other payables                                                                                             4,229.99                  4,229.99
                                     Kunming Technology Co., Ltd.

 Other payables                      Kunming Yusi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                            2,353.18

 Other payables                      Ma Xinhong                                                      46,200,000.00

 Other payables                      Ma Zhanjiang                                                    26,400,000.00

 Other payables                      Shi Guang                                                       18,480,000.00



                                                                                                                                          296
                                                                                  2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


   Lease liabilities                Yunnan Jianshui County Xingda Medicine Co., Ltd.               3,165,586.27              4,657,661.24

   Lease liabilities                YEIG Power Assembly Park Development Co., Ltd.                                           1,382,344.99

   Lease liabilities                Yunnan Jingxing Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.                                           1,148,722.02

   Non-current liabilities    due
                                    Yunnan Baoshan Medicine Co., Ltd.                              3,679,384.19              1,869,495.16
   within one year
   Non-current liabilities    due
                                    Yunnan Jingxing Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.                                           1,652,355.08
   within one year
   Non-current liabilities    due
                                    Yunnan Jianshui County Xingda Medicine Co., Ltd.             1,492,074.97              1,434,687.47
   within one year
   Non-current liabilities    due
                                    Yunnan Tianma Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                   1,428,311.30
   within one year
   Non-current liabilities    due
                                    YEIG Power Assembly Park Development Co., Ltd.                 1,382,344.99              1,321,553.56
   within one year
                                     State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
                                     Commission of Yunnan Provincial People’s
   Dividends payable                 Government, New Huadu Industrial Group Co., Ltd                                        86,490,742.04
                                     and Jiangsu Yuyue Science & Technology
                                     Development Co., Ltd.


      7. Related party commitments: None.

      8. Others: None.

XV. Share-based Payment

1. General information about share-based payment
    □Applicable ☑Not applicable

2. Equity-settled share-based payment

    □Applicable ☑Not applicable

3. Cash-settled share-based payment

    □Applicable ☑Not applicable

4. Share payments during the period
    □Applicable ☑Not applicable

5. Amendment and termination of share-based payment: None.

6. Others: None.

XVI. Commitment and Contingencies

1. Significant commitments

Significant contingencies on the balance sheet date: None.

2. Contingencies

(1) Significant contingencies on the balance sheet date
     Contract dispute case filed by Shanghai Yuanye Industrial Co., Ltd against Yunnan Baiyao Holdings Investment Co., Ltd et al.,
with a case amount of RMB 1,575,317,800. As of the date of issuance of this financial report, the court has ruled to permit the plaintiff


                                                                                                                                     297
                                                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Shanghai Yuanye Industrial Co., Ltd to withdraw the lawsuit. Meanwhile, the court has also ruled to lift the preservation measures
taken in connection with the case and to enforce such ruling immediately.


(2) Where the Company had no significant contingencies to disclose, explanation is also required

The Company had no significant contingencies to disclose.

3. Others: None.

XVII. Events Subsequent to the Balance Sheet Date

1. Important non-adjusting events: None.

2. Profit distribution: None.

3. Sales return: None.

4. Explanation on other events subsequent to the balance sheet date

    On February 27, 2026, YNBY International allotted and issued 1,937,984,496 shares to Shanghai International Trust Co., Ltd
(acting as trustee for Yunnan Baiyao to subscribe for and hold convertible bonds), the designated trustee of Yunnan Baiyao, at the
conversion price of HKD0.258 per share. Following the conversion, the Company’s shareholding in YNBY International increased
from 65.92% to 72.84%. Upon completion of this exercise and conversion, the Company will implement the relevant matters
concerning the trust product in accordance with the determined plan and operational procedures.

XVIII. Other Significant Events

1. Correction of previous accounting errors: None.

2. Debt restructuring: None.

3. Assets exchange: None.

4. Annuity plan
      (1) In accordance with the Trial Measures for Enterprise Annuity and Trial Measures for Enterprise Annuity
Fund Management of the Ministry of Labor and Social Security, as well as the Letter Yun Lao She Han [2006] No.
267 of Department of Labor and Social Security of Yunnan Province, the Company was approved to establish an
enterprise annuity. The investment manager of the enterprise annuity fund is Fullgoal Fund Management Co., Ltd,
and the trustee of the enterprise annuity fund is China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. The enterprise contribution shall
be paid annually at 5% of the total salary of the employees of the Company in the previous year, and the individual
contribution of the employees shall be paid at 10% of the unit contribution. The individual contribution shall be
collected and paid by the Company from the employee’s salary.
      (2) According to the replies of Yunnan Provincial Department of Human Resources and Social Security (Yun
Ren She Letter [2009] No.79) and Kunming Municipal Labor and Social Security Bureau (Kun Lao She Han [2008]
No.204) on the Enterprise Annuity Implementation Plan of Yunnan Pharma, Yunnan Pharma, a subsidiary of the
Company, was approved to establish an enterprise annuity. The investment manager of the enterprise annuity fund
is Ping An Annuity Insurance Company of China, Ltd, and the trustee of the enterprise annuity fund is China
Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. According to the plan, the enterprise contribution shall be paid annually at no more than

                                                                                                                              298
                                                                    2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


8.33% of the total salary of the employees of Yunnan Pharma in the previous year, and the individual contribution
of the employees shall be paid at 10% of the unit contribution.
     (3) According to the replies of Yunnan Provincial Department of Human Resources and Social Security (Yun
Ren She Letter [2009] No.79) and Kunming Municipal Labor and Social Security Bureau (Kun Ren She Han [2016]
No.21) on the Enterprise Annuity Implementation Plan of Yunnan Institute of Materia Medica, Yunnan Institute of
Materia Medica, a subsidiary of the Company, was approved to establish an enterprise annuity. According to the
reply from the Kunming Municipal Bureau of Human Resources and Social Security (Kun Ren She Han [2024] No.
105) to the Letter from Yunnan Institute of Materia Medica Regarding Adjustment of the Corporate Pension Plan,
the adjustment of the corporate pension plan for Yunnan Institute of Materia Medica has been approved. The
investment manager of the enterprise annuity fund is Ping An Annuity Insurance Company of China, Ltd, and the
trustee of the enterprise annuity fund is China Construction Bank Corporation. According to the plan, the enterprise
contribution shall be paid annually at no more than 5% of the total salary of the employees of Yunnan Institute of
Materia Medica in the previous year, and the individual contribution of the employees shall be paid at 10% of the
unit contribution.
     (4) In accordance with the Measures on Enterprise Annuity (Decree No. 36 of Ministry of Human Resources
and Social Security), Measures on the Management of Enterprise Annuity Fund (Decree No. 11 of Ministry of
Human Resources and Social Security) and other relevant provisions as well as the Reply on Filing of Enterprise
Annuity Plan of Yunnan Baiyao Group Wuxi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd issued by Wuxi Human Resources and Social
Security Bureau (Xi Ren She Fu [2025] No.14), Yunnan Baiyao Group Wuxi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, a subsidiary
of the Company, was approved to amend an enterprise annuity. The investment manager of the enterprise annuity
fund is Ping An Annuity Insurance Company of China, Ltd, and the trustee of the enterprise annuity fund is China
Construction Bank Corporation. According to the plan, the enterprise contribution shall be paid annually at no more
than 5% of the total salary of the employees of Yunnan Baiyao Group Wuxi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd in the previous
year, and the individual contribution of the employees shall be paid at 10% of the unit contribution.
5. Discontinuation of operation: None.

6. Segment information

(1) Determination basis and accounting policy of reporting segments: None.
(2) Financial information of reporting segments: None.
(3) If the Company has no reporting segment or the total assets and total liabilities of the reporting segments
cannot be disclosed, please explain the reason: None.
(4) Other explanations: None.
7. Other significant transactions and matters that have an impact on investors’ decision-making: None.

8. Others: None.

XIX. Notes to Major Items of Financial Statements of the Parent Company




                                                                                                                   299
                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


1. Accounts receivable

(1) Disclosure by aging

                                                                                                    Unit: RMB

                   Aging                    Closing balance                           Opening balance

  Within 1 year (inclusive of 1 year)                 1,244,764,619.52                           1,227,895,866.19

  1 to 2 years                                            8,224,921.66                               3,872,165.80

  2 to 3 years                                            1,685,144.62                              79,324,328.73

  Above 3 years                                         726,736,143.29                            650,617,364.49

  Total                                               1,981,410,829.09                           1,961,709,725.21


(2) Disclosure by provision for bad debts




                                                                                                             300
                                                                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB

                                                    Closing balance                                                                   Opening balance

    Category               Book balance                Provision for bad debt                                Book balance                 Provision for bad debt          Book value

                                                                      Provision      Book value                                                          Provision
                       Amount          Proportion       Amount                                           Amount          Proportion       Amount
                                                                      proportion                                                                         proportion

Including:

Account
receivables with
provision for bad   1,981,410,829.09      100.00%     21,541,975.87       1.09%    1,959,868,853.22   1,961,709,725.21      100.00%     20,993,861.37        1.07%      1,940,715,863.84
debt on portfolio
basis

Including:
Age-based
                      98,593,016.20        4.98%      21,541,975.87      21.85%      77,051,040.33      67,854,948.56        3.46%      20,993,861.37       30.94%         46,861,087.19
portfolio
Related party
                    1,882,817,812.89      95.02%                          0.00%    1,882,817,812.89   1,893,854,776.65      96.54%                           0.00%      1,893,854,776.65
portfolio
Total               1,981,410,829.09      100.00%     21,541,975.87       1.09%    1,959,868,853.22   1,961,709,725.21      100.00%     20,993,861.37        1.07%      1,940,715,863.84




                                                                                                                                                                                  301
                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Provision for bad debts made on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB

                                                                  Closing balance
                           Name
                                                         Book balance               Provision for bad debts       Provision proportion
         Age-based portfolio                               98,593,016.20                       21,541,975.87                    21.85%
         Related party portfolio                        1,882,817,812.89
         Total                                          1,981,410,829.09                       21,541,975.87

    Explanation on the basis for determining the portfolio: None.

    If provision was made for bad debts of accounts receivable in accordance with the general expected credit loss model:

    Applicable RNot applicable


(3) Provision for bad debts accrued, recovered or reversed during the period: None.

(4) Actual write-off of accounts receivable for the period: None.

(5) Top five customers in closing balance of accounts receivable and contractual assets summarized by
debtor
                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                        Closing balance
                                                                                                   Percentage of        of provision for
                                                     Closing                                      total of closing        bad debts of
                                                                       Closing balance of
                              Closing balance of    balance of                                       balance of             accounts
    Customer name                                                      accounts receivable
                              accounts receivable   contractual                                       accounts          receivable and
                                                                      and contractual assets
                                                      assets                                      receivable and          provision for
                                                                                                 contractual assets      impairment of
                                                                                                                       contractual assets

 Customer A                        836,658,958.62                           836,658,958.62                    42.23%

 Customer B                        609,940,399.20                           609,940,399.20                    30.78%

 Customer C                        241,037,751.21                           241,037,751.21                    12.16%

 Customer D                        140,065,678.83                           140,065,678.83                     7.07%

 Customer E                         24,714,231.13                            24,714,231.13                     1.25%

 Total                          1,852,417,018.99                          1,852,417,018.99                    93.49%


2. Other receivables

                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB

                       Item                                 Closing balance                                   Opening balance

  Dividends receivable                                                      79,875,215.52                                  10,348,033.98

  Other receivables                                                      6,552,212,996.22                               6,491,515,478.29

         Total                                                           6,632,088,211.74                               6,501,863,512.27


                                                                                                                                     302
                                                                            2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


(1) Interest receivable

1) Category of interest receivable: None.

2) Significant overdue interest: None.

3) Disclosure by provision for bad debts

Applicable       RNot applicable


4) Provision for bad debts accrued, recovered or reversed during the period: None.

5) Actual write-off of dividends receivable during this reporting period: None.

(2) Dividends receivable

1) Category of dividends receivable

                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB

                 Item (or investee)                            Closing balance                        Opening balance

  Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding Co., Ltd.                             79,875,215.52

  Jacobson Pharma Co., Ltd.                                                                                        6,482,280.00

  JBM (Healthcare) Co., Ltd.                                                                                       3,865,753.98

  Total                                                                  79,875,215.52                            10,348,033.98


2) Significant dividends receivable aged above 1 year: None.

3) Disclosure by provision for bad debts

Applicable       RNot applicable


4) Provision for bad debts accrued, recovered or reversed during the period: None.

5) Actual write-off of dividends receivable during this reporting period: None.

(3) Other receivables

1) Other receivables by nature


                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB
                                               Book balance at the end of the reporting   Book balance at the beginning of the
                  Nature
                                                               period                              reporting period
  Amounts from related parties within the
                                                                      6,686,598,659.88                         6,622,159,259.62
  scope of consolidation
  Deposits and guarantees                                                 4,639,663.00                             7,874,816.28



                                                                                                                            303
                                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                        Petty cash and others                                                                  12,713,170.32                                         12,856,300.67
                        Total                                                                               6,703,951,493.20                                    6,642,890,376.57


                     2) Disclosure by aging

                                                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB

                                           Aging                              Book balance at the end of the period                 Opening balance at the end of the period
                      Within 1 year (inclusive of 1 year)                                                   2,754,961,521.16                                    2,829,671,131.53
                      1 to 2 years                                                                           801,370,373.68                                     1,704,148,058.85
                      2 to 3 years                                                                          1,596,345,756.81                                      841,712,325.56
                      Above 3 years                                                                         1,551,273,841.55                                    1,267,358,860.63
                      Total                                                                                 6,703,951,493.20                                    6,642,890,376.57


                     3) Disclosure by provision for bad debts


                                                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB

                                                          Closing balance                                                                          Opening balance

                                 Book balance                Provision for bad debts                                     Book balance                 Provision for bad debts
    Category
                                                                                               Book value                                                                                 Book value
                                                                             Provision                                                                                 Provision
                              Amount        Proportion       Amount                                                  Amount           Proportion       Amount
                                                                             proportion                                                                                proportion

     Including:

Provision for bad
                        6,703,951,493.20        100.00%   151,738,496.98         2.26%      6,552,212,996.22     6,642,890,376.57       100.00%    151,374,898.28         2.28%       6,491,515,478.29
debts by portfolio

     Including:

Age-based
                          17,352,833.32          0.26%      5,763,827.44        33.22%         11,589,005.88       20,731,116.95         0.31%        5,400,228.74      26.05%            15,330,888.21
portfolio
Related party
                        6,686,598,659.88        99.74%    145,974,669.54         2.18%      6,540,623,990.34     6,622,159,259.62       99.69%     145,974,669.54         2.20%       6,476,184,590.08
portfolio

Total                   6,703,951,493.20        100.00%   151,738,496.98         2.26%      6,552,212,996.22     6,642,890,376.57       100.00%    151,374,898.28         2.28%       6,491,515,478.29

                          Provision for bad debts made on a portfolio basis:
                                                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                         Closing balance
                                                   Name
                                                                                           Book balance              Provision for bad debts            Provision proportion
                              Related party portfolio                                        17,352,833.32                       5,763,827.44                           33.22%
                              Age-based portfolio                                         6,686,598,659.88                     145,974,669.54                            2.18%
                              Total                                                       6,703,951,493.20                     151,738,496.98

                     Explanation on the basis for determining the portfolio: None.
                     Provision for bad debts in accordance with the general expected credit loss model:
                                                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB
                                                                      Phase I                          Phase II                           Phase III

                        Provision for bad debts              Expected credit losses                                                                                         Total
                                                                                             Lifetime ECL (not credit-              Lifetime ECL (credit-
                                                                for the next 12
                                                                                                     impaired)                            impaired)
                                                                    months



                                                                                                                                                                                    304
                                                                                  2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


Balance as of January 1, 2025              151,374,898.28                                                                       151,374,898.28

Balance as of January 1, 2025 in
the current period

Current provision                                 363,598.70                                                                        363,598.70

Balance as of December 31,
                                           151,738,496.98                                                                       151,738,496.98
2025

   Division base for each phase and proportion of provision for bad debts: None.
     Changes in book balance with significant changes in loss reserves in the current period

     Applicable RNot applicable

4) Provision for bad debts accrued, recovered or reversed during the period

Provision for bad debts during the period:
                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB

                                                                       Change in the current period
                          Opening
       Category                                                 Recovery or           Transfer or                           Closing balance
                          balance             Provision                                                  Other changes
                                                                 reversal              write-off
      Age-based
                         5,400,228.74             363,598.70                                                                  5,763,827.44
       portfolio
     Related party
                       145,974,669.54                                                                                       145,974,669.54
       portfolio
         Total         151,374,898.28             363,598.70                                                                151,738,496.98
     Provision for bad debt with important amount of recovery or reversal during the period: None.


5) Actual write-off of other receivables during this reporting period: None.


6) Top five customers in closing balance of other receivables summarized by debtor

                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB

                                                                                                          Percentage of
                                                                                                                             Closing balance
                                                                                                         total of closing
         Entity name                Nature           Closing balance                 Aging                                   of provision for
                                                                                                         balance of other
                                                                                                                                bad debts
                                                                                                           receivables
                                    Current
                                 accounts of
                                                                             Within 1 year, 1 to 2
                                related parties
  Entity A                                           1,877,311,464.00      years, 2 to 3 years, above            28.00%
                                  within the
                                                                                     3 years
                                   scope of
                                consolidation
                                    Current
                                 accounts of
                                                                             Within 1 year, 1 to 2
                                related parties
  Entity B                                             969,585,683.33      years, 2 to 3 years, above            14.46%
                                  within the
                                                                                     3 years
                                   scope of
                                consolidation
                                    Current
                                 accounts of
                                related parties                              Within 1 year, 1 to 2
  Entity C                                             896,890,920.63                                            13.38%
                                  within the                                        years
                                   scope of
                                consolidation
                                    Current                                1 to 2 years, 2 to 3 years,
  Entity D                                             823,745,699.09                                            12.29%
                                 accounts of                                     above 3 years


                                                                                                                                       305
                                                                                      2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                                        related parties
                                          within the
                                           scope of
                                        consolidation
                                            Current
                                         accounts of
                                                                                 Within 1 year, 1 to 2
                                        related parties
         Entity E                                            480,074,188.78    years, 2 to 3 years, above            7.16%
                                          within the
                                                                                         3 years
                                           scope of
                                        consolidation
                    Total                                   5,047,607,955.83                                        75.29%


        7) Reported as other receivables due to centralized fund management: None.


        3. Long-term equity investment

                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB

                                          Closing balance                                                   Opening balance
    Item                                    Impairment                                                        Impairment
                     Book balance                                 Book value           Book balance                             Book value
                                             provision                                                         provision
Investments
in                   2,603,195,450.92      244,474,941.95        2,358,720,508.97      2,593,195,450.92      244,474,941.95    2,348,720,508.97
subsidiaries
Investments
in associates
                    13,247,345,923.78                           13,247,345,923.78     12,578,620,530.71                       12,578,620,530.71
and     joint
ventures

Total               15,850,541,374.70      244,474,941.95       15,606,066,432.75     15,171,815,981.63      244,474,941.95   14,927,341,039.68


        (1) Investments in subsidiaries




                                                                                                                                     306
                                                                                                               2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB

                                                            Increase and decrease in the current period                              Closing
                        Opening       Closing balance
                                                                                       Provision               Closing balance      balance of
    Investee         balance (book     of impairment    Additional     Decreased
                                                                                          for         Others    (book value)       impairment
                         value)           provision     investment     investment
                                                                                      impairment                                    provision
Yunnan
Pharmaceutical       765,533,647.30                                                                              765,533,647.30
Co., Ltd.
Yunnan Baiyao
Group Health
                     168,297,661.03                                                                              168,297,661.03
Products Co.,
Ltd.
Yunnan Baiyao
Group TCM
                     130,894,518.14                                                                              130,894,518.14
Resources Co.,
Ltd.
Yunnan Baiyao
Group Wuxi
                      39,627,253.25                                                                               39,627,253.25
Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd.
Yunnan Baiyao
Group Dali
                      16,489,200.00                                                                               16,489,200.00
Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd.
Yunnan Baiyao
Group (Hainan)       457,198,438.74                                                                              457,198,438.74
Co., Ltd.
Yunnan Baiyao
Group Shanghai        11,350,000.00                                                                               11,350,000.00
Co., Ltd.
Yunnan Digital-
Intelligent TCM
Materials             56,059,850.00                                                                               56,059,850.00
Development Co.,
Ltd.
Yunnan      Baiyao
                       3,701,960.00     20,000,000.00                                                              3,701,960.00    20,000,000.00
Teayield Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                                                              307
                                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
Shanghai Yunzhen
Medical
                        200,572,858.37                                                            200,572,858.37
Technology Co.,
Ltd.
Yunnan Baiyao
Holding
                        193,992,837.67                                                            193,992,837.67
Investment Co.,
Ltd.
Yunnan Institute
                        101,075,329.94                                                            101,075,329.94
of Materia Medica
Yunnan Baiyao
Group Medical
                         85,700,000.00                                                             85,700,000.00
Technology Hefei
Co., Ltd.
YNBY
International            98,226,954.53    224,474,941.95                                           98,226,954.53   224,474,941.95
Limited
Yunhe
Pharmaceutical
                         20,000,000.00                                                             20,000,000.00
(Tianjin) Co.,
Ltd.
Yunnan      Baiyao
Group       Digital-
Intelligent                                                10,000,000.00                           10,000,000.00
Technology Co.,
Ltd.
Total                  2,348,720,508.97   244,474,941.95   10,000,000.00   0.00   0.00   0.00   2,358,720,508.97   244,474,941.95




                                                                                                                                               308
                                                                                                                                                                                2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.


                   (2) Investments in associates and joint ventures

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                  Increase and decrease in the current period
                                               Closing                                          Profit and loss
                                                                                                                       Adjustment of
                          Opening balance     balance of                                        on investments                                                  Cash dividends or                                   Closing balance      Closing balance of
        Investee                                               Additional       Decreased                                   other          Change in other                           Provision for
                           (book value)       impairment                                          recognized                                                    profit declared to                     Others        (book value)       impairment provision
                                                               investment       investment                             comprehensive           equities                               impairment
                                              provision                                         under the equity                                                    be issued
                                                                                                                           income
                                                                                                    method

I. Joint ventures


II. Associates


Shanghai
Pharmaceuticals           12,062,250,480.82                                                       981,515,716.67            250,018.48       -42,041,501.39         272,906,986.36                                  12,729,067,728.22
Holding Co., Ltd.

Yunnan TCM Big
Health Innovation
Equity Investment
                             499,889,683.05                                                           -66,174.01                                                                                                       499,823,509.04
Fund Partnership
(Limited
Partnership)
Yunnan Tianzheng
                              16,480,366.84                                                         1,974,319.68                                                                                                        18,454,686.52
Testing Co., Ltd.

Subtotal                  12,578,620,530.71                -                -               -     983,423,862.34            250,018.48       -42,041,501.39         272,906,986.36                 -            -   13,247,345,923.78

Total                     12,578,620,530.71                -                -               -     983,423,862.34            250,018.48       -42,041,501.39         272,906,986.36                 -            -   13,247,345,923.78




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        309
                                                                             2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

     The recoverable amount is determined based on fair value less the disposal expense.

     □Applicable     RNot applicable

     The recoverable amount is determined based on the present value of estimated future cash flows.

     □Applicable     RNot applicable

     Reasons for significant differences between the foregoing information and information used for impairment testing in previous
years or external information: None.

     Reasons for significant differences between the information used in the Company’s impairment tests in previous years and
the actual situation in the corresponding year: None.


(3) Other explanations: None.


4. Operating revenue and operating cost




                                                                                                                              310
                                                                                                                                                              2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB

                                                       Amount for the current period                                         Amount for the previous period
                   Item
                                           Income                                  Cost                                     Income                              Cost
           Main business                    8,483,895,232.32                           3,345,012,597.22                      7,594,049,549.16                3,288,033,537.43
           Other business                   1,294,941,132.38                              119,514,201.07                     1,273,785,043.21                  102,035,979.67
           Total                            9,778,836,364.70                           3,464,526,798.29                      8,867,834,592.37                3,390,069,517.10

             Breakdown information of operating revenue and operating cost:

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB

                                                Drug sales                                    TCM resources                                        Others                                           Total
   Contract classification
                                Operating revenue            Operating cost       Operating revenue        Operating cost      Operating revenue            Operating cost      Operating revenue           Operating cost

Business type                       8,283,954,138.31           3,182,255,343.90        199,688,874.41       162,565,334.16           1,295,193,351.98         119,706,120.23        9,778,836,364.70          3,464,526,798.29

  Including:

Industry sales income               8,283,954,138.31           3,182,255,343.90                                                                                                     8,283,954,138.31          3,182,255,343.90

Commercial sales income                                                                199,688,874.41       162,565,334.16                                                           199,688,874.41             162,565,334.16

Technical services income                                                                                                                 252,219.60              191,919.16             252,219.60                191,919.16

Others                                                                                                                               1,294,941,132.38         119,514,201.07        1,294,941,132.38            119,514,201.07

By operating areas                  8,283,954,138.31           3,182,255,343.90        199,688,874.41       162,565,334.16           1,295,193,351.98         119,706,120.23        9,778,836,364.70          3,464,526,798.29

  Including:

In Yunnan province                   964,856,008.56              314,091,262.40        199,688,874.41       162,565,334.16           1,295,193,351.98         119,706,120.23        2,459,738,234.95            596,362,716.79
Outside Yunnan province
                                    7,319,098,129.75           2,868,164,081.50                                                                                                     7,319,098,129.75          2,868,164,081.50
(excluding overseas)
Overseas




                                                                                                                                                                                                                    311
                                                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



  Information about performance obligations: None.
   Other explanations: None.
   Information related to the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations:
   At the end of this reporting period, the Company recorded an amount of revenue of RMB 0.00 from its performance of obligations set
out in the signed contracts to be fulfilled or fully fulfilled.
   Significant contractual changes or significant transaction price adjustments: None.
   Other explanations: None.


5. Investment income

                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB
                                                                                                              Amount for the previous
                                 Item                                   Amount for the current period
                                                                                                                     period
  Long-term equity investment incomes accounted by the cost
                                                                                        1,800,000,000.00               1,900,000,000.00
  method
  Long-term equity investment incomes accounted by the equity
                                                                                          983,423,862.34                772,732,477.51
  method
  Investment income on financial assets held for trading during
                                                                                                                          6,671,289.70
  holding period
  Investment income from disposal of financial assets held for
                                                                                           32,705,136.82
  trading
  Investment income from other non-current financial assets
                                                                                                                         20,474,449.39
  during the holding period
  Profits or losses from disposal of other non-current financial
                                                                                           29,102,029.45
  assets
  Others                                                                                 -226,891,279.70                  -3,991,808.68

  Total                                                                                 2,618,339,748.91               2,695,886,407.92


6. Others: None.

XX. Supplementary Information

 1. Breakdown of non-recurring profits and losses for the current period

  ☑Applicable                   Not applicable

                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB
                                                    Item                                                   Amount         Description

   Profits and losses from disposal of non-current assets                                               7,198,923.23

   Government subsidies included in the current profits and losses (excluding the government
   subsidies closely related to regular businesses of the Company in line with national
                                                                                                       96,333,463.99
   policies and received by a determined standard, with a continuous impact on the
   Company’s profits and losses)
   Profits and losses from changes in fair value of financial assets and liabilities held for
   trading by non-financial enterprises, and from disposal of such financial assets and
                                                                                                      189,486,904.27
   liabilities, except for effective hedging operations related to regular businesses of the
   Company




                                                                                                                                        312
                                                                                   2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



    Profits and losses from entrusted investment or asset management                                   19,212,454.11
   Non-operating revenue and expenses other than the above                                                4,570,455.96
   Other profits and losses satisfying the definition of non-recurring profits and losses              17,162,242.56
   Less: Amount affected by the income tax                                                             44,955,132.44
           Amount affected by minority interests (after tax)                                                90,875.93
   Total                                                                                              288,918,435.75             --

      Other profits and losses satisfying the definition of non-recurring profits and losses:

      ☑Applicable                Not applicable

      Other profit and loss items that meet the definition of non-recurring profit and loss mainly include other non-recurring profit and
loss such as interest on time deposits and return of individual income tax fees.

      Note for the definition of non-recurring profits and losses set out in the No.1 Explanatory Announcement on Information Disclosure
 for Companies Offering Their Securities to the Public - Non-recurring Profits and Losses, as recurring profits and losses

      □Applicable                RNot applicable


2. Return on equity and earnings per share

                                                                                                Earnings per share
    Profits during the reporting        Weighted average return on
               period                            equity                    Basic earnings per share           Diluted earnings per share
                                                                                (RMB/share)                         (RMB/share)
   Net profits attributable to
   ordinary shareholders of                                    13.02%                              2.89                               2.89
   the Company
   Net profits attributable to
   ordinary shareholders of
   the Company after
                                                               12.29%                              2.73                               2.73
   deducting non-recurring
   profits and
   losses

 3. Differences in Accounting Data under Chinese Accounting Standards (CAS) and Overseas Accounting
    Standards

  (1) Differences in the net profits and net assets in financial statements disclosed respectively under
  International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and CAS

     □Applicable                 RNot applicable


  (2) Differences in the net profits and net assets in financial statements disclosed respectively under overseas
  accounting standards and CAS

     □Applicable                 RNot applicable




                                                                                                                                           313
                                                           2025 Annual Report of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.



(3) Explanations of the causes to differences in accounting data under CAS and overseas accounting
   standards; if adjustment is made for data audited by an overseas audit institution, the name of the
   institution shall be provided

4. Others: None.




                                                                           Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Board of Directors
                                                                                       March 31, 2026




                                                                                                          314
